Wow. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you.
We start by paying our great respects to Pearl Harbor.
We don't want that stuff. We don't want World Trade Centers. We don't want that ever happen to us again. It's not going to happen to us again.
So I want to thank everybody for being here. It's a great honor.
They have thousands of people outside and sometimes they'll say "Would you like to wait about an hour until they all come in?" But we can't get them in anyways so what difference there. We all got lucky. We're together tonight. Thank you.
So we have a lot of big news today. To me, very big was CNN just came out with a new poll about an hour ago and Iowa – great, great state – and in Iowa, Trump 33%. Beating everybody by a lot. You have Cruz at 20% and Carson at 16% and going down and Rubio at 11% and Bush at 4%. But it's Trump at 33%. It just came out. It's Iowa – we love Iowa.
By the way, great ship named after Iowa too. I've been on that one too. A really great one.
The other big poll that came out just two days ago was the national poll. Trump 36% and then I won't even mention the other numbers because they're so low.
You know, when you have so many people running – we had 17 and then they started to drop. Ding. Bing. I love it. I love it. And you'll be losing a lot over the next little while. I would imagine. I don't know. When somebody's down at zero I would think that eventually they'll drop out. The only difference is there's nothing to pick up if there is zero. What do you pick up? So anyways you'll be seeing that.
One of the things I think that's so important because to me very important in the same poll, which is the big national CNN poll, on the economy – so important – Trump 55%. Everyone else nothing.
On the budget – I'm really good at these things – economy, budgets. I sort of expected this. On the budget, Trump – this is with 15 people remaining – Trump 51%. Everyone else bing.
Oh, here's one that I started and I took a lot of heat. I took a lot of heat. Sort of like the one we're talking about today. I guess you've heard a little bit about it. But I've taken a lot of heat on this one. Illegal immigration. Now, had I not brought that up in Trump Tower in June when I announced that I was going to run for president, which takes courage to run for president, believe me.
You know, all of my life, I've heard that if you're a successful person, especially if you have very success – you've done a lot of things, a lot of deals, a lot of everything, you can't run for president.
And yet, that's the kind of mindset and thinking this country needs.
We're being run by people that don't know what they're doing. Very sad.
On illegal immigration, Trump 48%. That's with 15 people. Everyone else, no good.
On a thing called ISIS…oh, don't worry. We'll have plenty – we'll talk a lot about ISIS. Can you believe it?
Here we have generals. They go on television and talk. They do all talk. You people – a lot of military people here. Who's military here? All right, I love you.
By the way, speaking of it, we're going to make our military so strong, so powerful, so great, nobody's ever going to mess with us again. Nobody. They're never going to mess with us.

You know in many ways, it's the cheapest thing we can do. The cheapest thing. Instead of fighting these wars that we don't know what we're doing and we have leaders that are afraid to do anything, we're going to make it so great, so strong that people – gosh, they're not messing. They're not messing.
And we're going to take care of our great vets, our wounded warriors. We're going to take care of them. Because they – thank you, they are not being taken care of.
We have illegal immigrants that are taken care of better than our incredible veterans and it's not going to happen any longer. Not going to happen. Not going to happen.
So with ISIS – Trump 46%. Can you imagine that? With all of these characters running.
On foreign policy, Trump way up. And you know, in theory you could say "Well, maybe it's not my thing." But people want to see strong, they want to see strength, they want to see protection, they want to be protected. And that's it.
I watched last night and I watched the president truly that didn't know what he was doing. He didn't know why he was there. He refuses to use the term "radical Islamic terrorism". He refuses to use the term.
I don't even know if he knows what the hell is going on. I really don't.
And then we're looking at Hillary Clinton. Honestly, I know Hillary. It's just going to be an extension of Obama. I think maybe worse.
She's got no strength. She's got no stamina. Remember that.
You don't need a president with no strength or stamina when we're being ripped off on trade, we're being ripped off on Obamacare, which is going to be repealed and replaced by something really good.
When our soldiers aren't being taken care of, when our military is never been like it is today.
One of the generals was on television, as usual, saying that we're the least prepared now than anytime that he's ever seen it and he's been there a long time retiring. That's how we are.
In the most dangerous world we've ever had because of the power of weapons, we have people that don't know – they don't – I'm telling you. I watch them. I watch these generals being interviewed.
Do you think Gen. George Patton would be interviewed?
…They'd be interviewed after total and complete victory.
Gen. Douglas MacArthur. They're not big for interviews. You know, they shoot first, they talk later.
These guys – and I don't think we'll have to.
You know, just so you understand, Bush – Bush, he said yesterday he was being interviewed, he said that he was talking about me. He was saying the nicest things about me. Of course, he says he'll be elected. He's at what 3%? Right?
No, but he said some things and I was like – I said "Who says that about an opponent? You don't say those things." You'll find out what he said. But he said very nice things.
But, if you look at what happens where he is upset with me because he says the tone – the tone – of Donald Trump is not nice.
And I say it all the time. We have people whose heads are being chopped off in the Middle East because they're Christian and for other reasons. They're being dumped and drowned in steel cages. And we talk about my tone.
Hillary said the same thing. "Mr. Trump's tone is not nice."
These people are living in a different planet. Different planet.
And remember what I said about Hillary. We need somebody who's strong. We need somebody with incredible energy but incredible intelligence and all of those things.
You know, I know a lot of tough people but they're not smart. That's no good. They're easy.
We need tough. We need smart. We need like every character. We are so far behind the eight ball in this country.
We owe $19 trillion. The budget they signed two weeks ago is going to make it $21 trillion. It's a – think of it. Trillion. Trillion. Trillion dollars. Who the hell ever heard of the word 10 years ago? There was no such word.

We owe $21 trillion in the very near future. We're really in trouble. We have to rebuild our country. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. We have to rebuild our military.
And yet, we do deals with China where there's a trade imbalance of over $400 billion a year in their favor, by the way, in case you had any question.
Japan – they send their cars by the millions. $70 billion a year imbalance. That's like a loss.
You look at Mexico. We're going to build a wall. It will be a real wall. It will be a real wall. Gonna happen. It's gonna happen.
The people I'm dealing with – and you know, I really focus on Hillary later because I have to get through these 15 people. You know, there's 15 of us.
I had Perry came at me strong; he went down. I had Gov. Walker, nice guy, he went down. Every guy that attacks me so far they've all gone down. We've got to keep it that way, right?
I mean, Lindsey Graham. He's at zero. He's at zero. Zero.
Let me ask you a question. I don't get Lindsey Graham. I don't get him…He's literally at zero. You see him. And he keeps talking. He gets so much television. I mean, he's on television all the time and he doesn't go up. He's at zero, folks.
His ideas are so bad. I'm more militaristic than him. But I know how to win; he doesn't. He just wants to attack everything. He doesn't know where the hell – ra ha.
And he always sits with John McCain. It's like they're the Bobbsey twins. They're always sitting together. No, it's true. Do you ever notice? Sometimes I want to see him by himself. He's always sitting with John McCain, who's fine. I'm not knocking it. But you got to know what to do.
Now me, I was against the war in Iraq. So everyone says, you have the right temperament – I have a great temperament. But you've got to attack. If you've got to do something, you've got to know what you're doing.
I said if you attack Iraq and you wipe it out, Iran is going to take over the entire Middle East because you're going to ruin the balance. It was so simple to me.
And actually they sent a group from the White House to see me because I got so much publicity, so much publicity that they sent a group from the White House to see Mr. Trump. I said, "Fellas, you're going to have Iran take over the Middle East and that's what's happening."
And Iran's going to take over Iraq as sure as you're sitting there.
And by the way, Iraq, with the second largest oil reserves anywhere in the world. We lost of thousands of lives. We have wounded warriors all over the place. $2 trillion. We have nothing. We got nothing. We have absolutely nothing. And we left.
And we have a president – we shouldn't have been there but then we shouldn't have left the way we left.

You know, the funny thing is I look at Democrats and liberals and conservatives and Republicans – wouldn't it be good all of us if we can get together and really make our country great again? Is that what we want to do?
I'll bet you that if I spoke to that young woman, that quickly I really think I can convince her that we're all in this together, folks. We want to have a strong country. Right?
…But you know, if you think about it and you'll have some that can never be satisfied no matter what. They're just troublemakers, et cetera, et cetera. But most people aren't and they believe something. And I have some very smart friends don't agree with me; they agree with the other side.
But I really believe that if you took it about making America great, we have to be strong, we have to be vigilant, and if we're not vigilant – [interrupted by protester] – that was the same person. I've got to tell you, so far, the security is not doing a great job in here, I'll tell you that. That was the same person. You can do very nice but why don't you get her out because honestly it's inappropriate. So security, strengthen yourself up.
See, our country has this kind of security. That's the problem we have…Treat her very nicely please but she should now be taken out. Same person. One person. It's one person. They let her out. They gave her a second chance and the same thing happens.
But you would think that everybody we're all on the same basket that everybody every single person – [interrupted by protester]
…So you would think that if we could get together, we'd all be in the same boat.
Now, last night we all saw and we witnessed something that I thought was highly inappropriate.
In fact, I tweeted "Is that all there is?" about the president's speech and I wrote something today that I think is very, very salient, very important, and probably not politically correct but I don't care. I don't care.

You know, we had a situation in California very recently where somebody was making bombs in an apartment. The mother saw them. The mother didn't notice anything wrong. I watched the sister being interviewed. Believe me, in my opinion, she was lying like crazy. I watched that interview. "Oh, my brother was such a wonderful guy. I didn't know, I didn't know, I didn't know."
And I watched the next door neighbor saying, "Oh, well we didn't report them because we didn't want to racially profile or we didn't want to profile." Give me a break. Give me a break.
We're like the stupid country in so many different ways. It's so – can you imagine what our great leaders of the past would have said with the kind of crap that's happening with us?
They didn't want to report them because they thought it was profiling.
Okay, they saw bombs. They saw, you know, the pipe bombs only this wasn't to build a bathroom. When a bomb is this long, can't put too many of them together for a bathroom, right? And we thought they maybe but we didn't want to racially profile. Oh, okay, you're okay, you're innocent.
Or how about where the families and the girlfriends and the wives and everything and they go back to World Trade Center – the worst, worse than Pearl Harbor because with the World Trade Center they were killing innocent civilians. At least while it was a dirty, rotten sneak attack, at least they were…but while it was an attack, at least it was military. But this was an attack on the World Trade Center.
So, what's happened is we're out of control. We have no idea who's coming into our country. We have no idea if they love us or if they hate us. We have no idea if they want to bomb us. We have no idea what's going on.
And then I looked at poll numbers and I don't mean polls where I'm winning; those numbers I like looking at. These numbers I hated to look at. And it's very, very sad.
I'll go after some of the numbers. 25% of those polled and this was from the Center for Security Policy – very highly respected group of people who I know actually.
This is people living in this country. 25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans is justified as Muslims. 25%.
51% of the Muslims living in this country – by the way, I have friends that are Muslims; they're great people. But they know we have a problem. They know we have a real problem. Because something's going on, and we can't put up with it, folks. We can't put up with it.
51% – 51% highly respected number of polling groups want to be governed according to Sharia. You know what Sharia is.
So I wrote this out. The mainstream media wants to surrender the Constitution. The mainstream media – these people back here. They're the worst. They are so dishonest. No, no, they're so dishonest. They are so dishonest.
I mean, I have one from NBC, a reporter from NBC, and actually another one from CBS, they actually in Columbus, Ohio, I had a tremendous crowd like 10,000 people. It was a love fest. It went on for a long time. Everybody stayed right 'tis the end. I had one of the politicians – Kasich – who is just getting – he's a horrible debater…He made a statement that "Oh, they left after 10 minutes." Now, the press was there. They saw it. Nobody said it was a lie. It was a total lie. In fact, I had more people at the end than I had at the beginning. Nobody's leaving. Nobody's leaving here except for the one person that was screaming.
So, we asked the press to report that it was a total lie and they didn't want to do that because it's not their thing to do.
You know, we get the biggest crowds. They don't want to show this crowd tonight. They're not going to show all the people outside trying to get in. They don't do that. They have the cameras right in my face. I say fan the crowd just to show – look at all the people over here. It's a record in the history of this ship. But they don't show it. They don't show it. No, no. And I say fan it and they never ever fan it. I say fan the crowd and they never fan it. And yet, I guarantee you that that young woman that just got taken out after interrupting us three times, I guarantee the cameras will be on her. I guarantee. It's disgusting. Disgusting.
…And by the way, some of the media's terrific but most of it 70%, 75% is absolute dishonest, absolute scum. Remember that. Scum. Scum. They're totally dishonest people.

I had one the other day where I finished the speech and they said "Oh, Trump was interrupted and he left early." I spoke for like 45, 50 minutes. I then answered questions and then I went around, you know, everybody knew it was false.
Amazingly, there's a media group that calls the media and the next day they did the most beautiful story about what a lie it was from NBC. She's back there. Little Katie. She's back there. What a lie it was. No, what a lie – Katie Tur – what a lie it was from NBC to have written that. It was a total lie. And they did a story where they – I didn't know they had a group like this where they actually criticized the media. And they said it was a total lie. And I loved it. I loved it. I loved it.
And then other people pick it up. You know it's NBC so somebody picks it up. Third rate reporter. Remember that. Third rate. Third rate.
So I said here the mainstream media wants to surrender our Constitution and our constitutional rights. And I don't want that. I want ISIS to surrender. Okay? I want ISIS to surrender. Very simple.
It's very simple. So here's what happened. It's been a little controversial. It's been a great day because the poll numbers are through the roof. I like that.
But I have more…I wish we could call – is there any way we could call the election tomorrow? Wouldn't you love that?
Now they're coming at us in full force. They're coming – not coming at me. They're coming at all of us. They're coming at all of us. Because you know, we have a noisy majority. They used to call it the quiet majority. People are fed up. They're fed up with incompetence. They're fed up with stupid leaders. They're fed up with stupid people.
They are fed up with stupid people, where our president makes a deal for Sergeant Bergdahl, a dirty, rotten, no good traitor who – think of it. They knew he was a traitor because a general and a colonel went to see his group. Six people were killed looking for him. Okay? Six people were killed. Young. Unbelievable. I watched the parents on television. I've seen the parents. But I watched the parents on television devastated, will never be the same. They left to try to bring them back. He left. He deserted.
You know, in the old days when we were strong country it would be boom, gone. It was called desertion. Now I heard the other day they won't even do anything to him. Can you believe it? They think he's going to get away with nothing. He's going to have nothing.
So he left. Oh, they treated him pretty rough though. He got in there, he said, "I shouldn't have done this. This isn't working out the way I thought."
Anyways, so we get him back and here's the deal we made. We get a dirty, no good traitor. Six people killed…They get five of their greatest killers that they've been after – after – think of it for six years. In fact, I hear nine years.
So they get these – right now have gone – they're out in the battlefield, trying to kill everybody in front of them including you folks, I'd hate to tell you.
So we get Bergdahl and they get five of the killers that they've wanted for many years. That's the way we do it.
The Iran deal. We gave them $150 billion. It's called amateur night. We gave them $150 billion. 24 days – 24 days – we think there's something wrong, 24 days we have to wait but it's much longer than that because there's a whole process before the clock starts ticking. So it could be forever.
But the best is where they have the right to self-inspect. "Are you doing nuclear weapons over there?" "Oh, we'll inspect tomorrow." "Oh no, we're not doing nuclear weapons."
You know, the Persians are great negotiators. Always have been. And somebody would say that's profiling. Trust me, they're great negotiators.
And Kerry is a horrible negotiator and Obama is a horrible negotiator. Horrible. He's a horrible negotiator. These people are horrible.
I always Obama would be a unifier. I never thought of him as being like a divider because I said "You know what? I don't think he's going to be a good president."
I backed McCain; he lost by the way. And you know, I don't blame McCain for losing because a lot of bad things will happen; it was a tough one. But I backed McCain; he lost. I backed Romney; he should have won but he sort of went away on vacation or something the last month and he lost. And I said, "This time I'm going to do it myself. We're not going to lose." We're not going to lose. We're not losing.
And the recent Fox poll that just came out has me beating Hillary very easily one on one. I love that. That's so important.

So, we put out a statement today. We watched this. And it's impossible to watch this gross incompetence but I watched last night.
And we put out a statement a little while ago and these people are going crazy…
Shall I read you the statement?
Donald J. Trump is calling for – now, you've got to listen to this because this is pretty heavy stuff and it's common sense and we have to do it. Remember the poll numbers. 25%, 51%. Remember the poll numbers. So remember this. So listen.
Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on.
We have no choice. We have no choice. We have no choice.
According to Pew Research, among others, there is a great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the Muslim population.
Most recently, a poll from Center for Security Policy released data showing 25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans – these are people that are here by the way, people that are here – 25% not 1%. By the way, 1% would be unacceptable. 1% is unacceptable. 25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as part – think of that – as part of the global jihad.
They want to change your religion. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. Not going to happen.
As part of the global jihad. And 51% of those polled agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Sharia. You know what Sharia is. 51%.
Sharia authorizes – now look, this is, I mean, it's terrible. Sharia authorizes such atrocities as murders against non-believers who won't convert, beheadings, and more unthinkable acts that pose great harm to Americans especially women. I mean, you look – especially women. Tough stuff.
And we have a president that won't even mention the term and you're talking about numbers like this.
Mr. Trump stated without looking at the various polling data, it's obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension…
Where the hatred comes from and why, we'll have to determine. We'll have to figure it out. We have to figure it out. We can't live like this. It's going to get worse and worse. You're going to have more World Trade Centers. It's going to get worse and worse folks.
We could be politically correct and we can be stupid but it's going to get worse and worse.
Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victim of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in jihad.
These are people only believe in jihad. They don't want our system. They don't want our system and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. They have no respect for human life.

…So prior to Paris, which was a disaster, which by the way if some of the people in those places where it was slaughter, absolute slaughter, had guns, you wouldn't have had the carnage that you had in Paris. You wouldn't had that carnage. If they had guns, you wouldn't had that carnage.
So important the Second Amendment. We have to preserve it and cherish it. And we can't let these weak leaders diminish it.
If they had guns in Paris, if five people in that room, Paris and France has probably the toughest gun laws anywhere in the world and it was like target practice. "Come over here. Boom! Come over here. Boom!" People are sitting by the hundreds and many others are going to be dying. They're sitting in the hospital in many cases waiting to die.
Now, the same thing a few days ago in California. No guns. We didn't have guns. The bad guys had the guns.
And these young people – and I tell the press you've got to stop calling them "masterminds" – these are dirty, rotten scums. These aren't masterminds.
Remember the guy in Paris with the big dirty hat? Remember the guy in Paris – the "mastermind". I was watching all the networks. I won't mention who but some of them disgusted me. "The mastermind is on the loose."
And we have kids that are watching the Internet and they want to be masterminds and then you wonder why do we lose all these kids – they go over there. They're young. They're impressionable. They go over there and they want to join ISIS.
And we have our anchors – I think I got them mostly stopped. Did you notice that? I don't hear it too much. But they say "the young mastermind". Oh, he's brilliant. Young man, he's brilliant.
I don't even he's got a high IQ…In Paris, I call him the guy with the dirty filthy hat. Okay? Not a smart guy. A dummy. Puts people in there – mastermind – bing, bing, bing, it's like shooting everybody. You've got to be a mastermind.
So the press has to be responsible. They're not being responsible because we're losing a lot of people because of the Internet.
And we have to do something. We have to go see Bill Gates and a lot of different people that really understand what's happening. We have to talk to them. Maybe in certain areas closing that Internet up in some way.
Somebody will "Oh, freedom of speech, freedom of speech". These are foolish people. We have a lot of foolish people. We have a lot of foolish people.
We've got to maybe do something with the Internet because they are recruiting by the thousands. They're leaving our country. And then when they come back, we take them back. "Oh, come on back. Where were you?" "I was fighting for ISIS." "Oh, come on back. Go home. Enjoy yourself."
When they leave our country and they go to fight for ISIS or any of the other groups, they never come back. They never can come back. They never can come back. They can never, ever, ever come back. It's over.
How about that? And now that they've become radicalized, they're totally radicalized.
And how about the woman? She was in Pakistan then Saudi Arabia. She comes in on an engagement deal and she radicalized the guy. Probably a guy who couldn't get women. I don't know what the hell his problem is. It's probably the first women he's ever had. I don't know what was going on. But he became radicalized quickly. Notice how easy it is? He becomes radicalized and then they go on a spree.
Folks, those days are over. Those days are over. We have to be tough. We have to be smart. We have to be vigilant.
Yes, we have to look at mosques and we have to respect mosques. But yes, we have to look at mosques. We have no choice. We have to see what's happening because something is happening in there. Man, there's anger. There's anger. And we have to know about it. We can't be these people that are sitting back like in the World Trade Center, like so many different things.
We can't be people that knew what was going on two weeks ago in California, probably for months they knew what was going on and they didn't want to tell anybody. We can't be that.
We have to be strong. When we see violations, you have to report those violations and quickly. Don't worry about profiling. I promise I will defend you from profiling. I promise.

So when I started this whole quest – I mean, who knew it was going to turn into this? It's been an amazing thing. No matter where I go, I have tremendous crowds, packed crowds, packed.
We went to Dallas – 20,000 people in Dallas. 25,000 people. Mobile, Alabama – 35,000 people. Here, every time I come to South Carolina, every time I go to North Carolina, every time I go to Iowa, New Hampshire, Virginia, wherever I go – Florida – we have crowds that are maxed. The only problem we have is the size of the room – thousands of people outside trying to get in. Usually I do a double. I go talk to them for a while, which I wouldn't say I exactly love doing after the first one.
But there is an unbelievable love in these rooms – all the same. I love you too. I love you…Thank you. Thank you. I love you too.
There's an unbelievable love in all of these places – Oklahoma – 20,000 people standing in a park on quick notice. There's an unbelievable love. And there's an unbelievable love of the country. We want to see good things. We don't want to be bad people. We don't want to be tough and nasty. We believe in the Constitution more than anybody.
But we can't let people use and abuse our rights. We can't let people kill us. They want to kill us. They want to destroy us. We can't let it happen. We just can't let it happen.
And I have a friend who's a very, very successful man, and I went to one event – he came with me. We had 24,000 people. And this guy's a real tough cookie. He's a great financial guy. One of the guys I'd definitely use to negotiate with Japan, China. Believe me, you're going to be in good shape when that happens. We won't have these characters.
You know, this whole thing with all of these guys. By the way, I'm the only one that's self-funding my campaign. Everyone else is controlled. Only one. I'm the only one. Only one.
I'm self-funding my campaign. And these other guys. You know, they're getting millions and millions of dollars from people I know.
I have one guy came and wanted to give me a lot of money. I said, "Honestly, I can't take it. I don't want to do." I can't take it, which is very sort of like for me to not take money – my whole life I've been taking money. Now I'm sort of like what am I doing? But came in and I said, "So what are you going to do? I don't want your money." And he said, "I got to go someplace else." They're like gamblers. They're like gamblers. But I said, "You like me best." "I like you best but I'm going to go someplace else." Because they want to be part – they want to –
…Let me tell you, who is more than me? I gave millions to these guys. Nobody knows the system better than me. I knew it from the other side. Don't forget, I was the fair-haired boy. I was like the establishment. They'd all come to me, and I'd give them all money I write checks sometimes to Senators whatever the max – bing, bing, bing.
I used to say "Senators, don't come to my office. Anybody that's a U.S. Senator that calls me, we'll send you a campaign contribution."
But you know what? I'll tell you something. In the end, the people that gives these millions of dollars to these horrible, corrupt PACS – they're corrupt – they totally control Bush and Rubio and I won't say Cruz because he's been very nice to me. Nah, he's been nice. He's got to hit me first. Once he hits me, I promise you. I promise you.
No, I've been nice to Christie but he really hit me today. Chris Christie. I mean, I don't know. He's a friend of mine but he's not doing well in the polls and he really, really hit me today. He hated this and yet he said anybody could come. You've got to look at some of the statements from the past. But he really hit me on the whole thing that we have to stop the Muslims until we find out what's going on.
Does that make sense by the way? Until we find out.
And he talked about – that's inexperience and you know in other words he has experience right?
But that's the statement of an inexperienced man…About we have to stop people that want to kill us from coming in. Does that sound like inexperienced?
So Chris, who's a friend of mine, he hit me hard. And I said I got to hit him at least once. So I won't do this a lot.
Look, here's the story. The George Washington Bridge. He knew about it.
Hey, how do you have breakfast with people everyday of your lives, they're closing up the largest bridge in the world, the biggest in the United States, traffic flowing during rush hour. People couldn't get across for 6, 7 hours. Ambulances, fire trucks. They're with him all the time – the people that did it.

They never said, "Hey boss, we're closing up the George Washington Bridge tonight." No, they never said that. They're talking about the weather, right?
He knew about it. He knew about it. Totally knew about it. He's a got a very friendly group of people over there that they don't think so. But I don't know. It's called life. You've got to be smart in life.
I would say there's less than 1% chance. It could be but I doubt it. He knew about it. They didn't mention at one of their meetings? I think they had breakfast like everyday or every other day. They'd just say, "Chris, tonight we're closing up the George Washington Bridge because the mayor a certain area is against you." "Oh, okay." They didn't mention? Nobody believes that.
Number two. Nine downgrades of the state. Nine downgrades. It's a disaster. I have property over there – the taxes are through – I'll use an expression – coming out of my ears, okay? Tremendous taxes over there. You had nine downgrades.
You had Christie, you know, so friendly with President Obama during the flood.
I actually called. I said, "Let me ask you. Is he going to vote for Obama?" I thought he was going to vote for Obama. I don't know. I think he possibly did.
And Romney I was very disappointed. One of the reasons I was disappointed was he called Christie and had dinner right after the election. If Christie did that to me, I would have never spoken to him again. I would have never done it.
So when Chris talks about – when he talks about lack of experience – I built this incredible company. I filed papers where everyone said "Wow, that is unbelievable." I would have probably filed them even when I didn't run because I built a great, great company. Tremendous cash. Tremendous assets. Tremendous net worth. Very little debt. Unbelievable cash flow. And I filed.
Everybody said "Number one, he won't run." And I ran. I took a deep breath and I said, "Let's go" to my wife and we came down that escalator. Right, the famous escalators. Hopefully in many years that will be a very famous scene because we will have turned around our country and that will be a positive note, okay?
But then they said, "Oh, well he announced." So these talking heads – most of whom are not even smart people, believe me. Then they'd say well, they went to Ivy League college. So did I go to Ivy League college. They went to this. Most of them didn't go to Ivy League colleges by the way but they say they're brilliant. One's brilliant because he wears glasses, you know? Like Perry. Remember Perry? We don't like him.
But what happens is they say "Well, he'll never file form A." That's basically where you sign your life away. I filed form A.
Then they said, "Well, he'll never sign his financial statement because maybe he's not as rich as everybody thinks." Then they said, "And if he does, he'll ask for many, many delays because you're entitled to 45 day delays, delays, and you can delay it until forever. And they'll delay it until after the election."
I said, "No" so I filed it ahead of schedule. And what happened? Remember? They went down. They couldn't believe it. It was much, much, much better than anybody ever envisioned.
I built a great company and the reason – honestly worth billions and billions of dollars. Remember that – low debt, great cash flow, and the greatest assets – Doral, Trump Tower, the Trump Building, big chunk of the Bank of America building in San Francisco, 1290 Ave., land all over, land on the Potomac, land all over.
In North Carolina, I have a great piece of property. Trump National Golf Club. Some of you know it. Great, right at the best location.
And what happens? What happens? So I filed and everyone said "Oh, I can't believe it."
Then they said "Well, maybe he won't do so well with the polls." And you know, before I went, people never believed I was going to run. They never thought I was going to run.
And I told the story the other night for really the first real time. But my wife said to me "You know if you run you will win. Don't you?" She's very smart.
I said, "What do you mean?" She said, "If you don't run, you're never going to poll before. Nobody believes you're going to run." So if they do polls like they did these early polls, they weren't great before I announced. She said, "No, the only way you're going to get a poll number is you've got to announce." Nobody believes even though they say, even though they say you're running, it doesn't matter. Nobody believes you're running.
So I said, "All right." I'm getting these lousy early numbers and I'm saying, "I don't know. I don't want to run and find out it doesn't work." I don't want to be embarrassed like Lindsey Graham and all these guys who have nothing. It's true. It's true.
So I said, "All right. Let's take it."
So we go down on the escalator. You know what I did? You remember I took a deep breath because I'm telling you and you know what I'm talking about the press down there look like the Academy Awards. There were so many cameras. I have never seen anything like it. The entire atrium of Trump Tower was packed with cameras and press. And I just said, "Let's go" to my wife.

I took a deep breath and I went down and I talked about lots of things, including illegal immigration.
And illegal immigration was such a big subject. And I'm telling you had I not brought it up, it has turned out to be – and I took heat. I took heat like nobody has ever taken heat. Rush Limbaugh said "The most incredible incoming that I've ever seen a human being endure". And then he doubled down a week later because I was right.
And now, illegal immigration is one of the biggest things.
And then you had the killing of Kate [Steinle] and the killing of Jamiel and the killing recently in California of a 66-year-old – think of it, 66-year-old – veteran, female, raped, sodomized and killed by an illegal immigrant. And many, many more. It's a huge problem.
And they take our jobs and a lot of other things.
So all of a sudden, everyone's saying "Wow"…and from almost at the beginning, you've seen I've been at the top like from almost day one.
…The reason I tell you certain things and the reason I talk about what I've done and lots of good things. A little thing – Wollman ice skating rink. The city couldn't get it built for high years. They were in there for like $20 million. They couldn't get it done. I went to the mayor of New York, I said, "Ed Koch, I'll get it done real quick." He didn't like it because he didn't want to be shown up. I said I'll do it and if it costs more than $2 million I'll pay for it. I got it built for peanuts. Got it done in four months. And we had ice skating in Central Park and I still run it.
I did another one – I did a bigger version of that recently Ferry Point out in the Bronx. They were having – things have been under construction from anywhere between 20 and 30 years. They couldn't get it done. I got it done under a year. It's operating now. It's very successful.
It's what I do and that's what we need. That's what we need in our country.
I'm building on Pennsylvania Avenue an incredible hotel. One of the great hotels of the world. The Old Post Office site. Think of it. I got it in the Obama administration. Everybody was bidding. Everybody wanted it. One of the most sought after projects in the history of the GSA – general services. And I got it. Can you imagine me getting it from the Obama administration? Because the GSA, who are really professionals, they want to make sure number one that it got built. So they wanted strong financials. And they also wanted a great plan. So we came up with Ivanka and my kids we came up with this incredible plan. The job is under budget, ahead of schedule. It was going to open up in '17 – sometime during the year '17. Now, it's going to open probably in September of '16 right before the election on Pennsylvania Avenue.
And this is the kind of mindset you need.
Carl Icahn, one of the great businessmen, and others have endorsed me.
We have trillions and trillions of dollars offshore. Pfizer's leaving the United States.
In the old days, somebody would leave for, frankly, South Carolina. They'd leave New York or Florida or someplace where the taxes are lower. They'd leave for North Carolina. They'd leave – today they'd leave this country for other countries.
So now, we're losing Pfizer. We're losing many of our great companies.
We have $2.5 trillion offshore at least. And everybody agrees it should come home – the Democrats, the Republicans. For three years, they can't make a deal. They can't make a deal because there's such gridlock. There's no leadership in Washington.
We will make this country so great. We have people and I'll tell you something. I'll tell you something…[interrupted by protester] said something to me the other day and what I really want to do – [interrupted by protester] – what we want to do or what I want to do is I want to be the people's president.
…Think of this, think of this, I don't work for any of the lobbyists. I don't work for any of these people that are leading our country in the wrong direction. We don't.
…The best thing that I've seen in going around and the thing that I've seen more than anything else is how smart the people are. They don't believe those people in the back that write with fork. I'm telling you, they don't believe them. The people are really smart.
What's giving me more inspiration than any other single thing are the people that I've met – the incredible people of this country.
We're going to make America great again. And you know what? We're going to make it greater, greater, than ever before. And I love you all and thank you very much. South Carolina. Great. Thank you! We love you. Thank you!

Thank you very much, everybody. You just like me because my daughter happens to be Jewish. Right? She has a great husband, Jared, and I'll tell you what Ivanka could not be happier and she's very proud. The only bad news, I can't get her on Saturday. I call and I call. I can't speak to my daughter anymore on Saturdays. But that's okay.
It's an honor to be with you. You know, I've devoted so much time over my life to Israel, and the other politicians they can talk but believe me they haven't done what I've done. I've received many, many awards.
I was the Grand Marshal of the Israeli Day Parade at a very dangerous time when people said, "Don't do it. Don't do it." I walked up Fifth Avenue. I'm looking up for lots of trouble. But I said, "No way am I not going to do it." And it was a rough time as you know. It was 2004, and it was a tremendously successful parade. Maybe their most successful parade that they ever had.
So, I'm in a different position than the other candidates because I'm the one candidate I don't want any of your money; I want your support but I don't want your money.
I'm self-funding my campaign. It's been an amazing experience for me because I have very little money invested so far.
I thought by this time I'd have about 30 million in ads and I have none although I took a small radio commercial the other day in Iowa. But we have virtually no money in invested in ads or advertising. And I think you as business people will feel pretty good about this and respect it.
At first, I was embarassed by that. I said, "You know, I think we're going to have spend money just to spend money" but it's not really like a good thing to do because I am in first place by a lot. It's not even close. Every single poll, every single state.
The numbers just came in three minutes ago in New Hampshire – the PPP poll – Trump at 27%, the next one is 13%, 10%, 9%, 8%, 5%, and the rest are off the board. They have to drop out pretty soon I guess, right?
Most of importantly, favorability – no, I still like the top number the most but favorability is now at 50% to 39%, which is good, and I beat Hillary in the Fox poll as you see very easily 46% to 41%. That's ultimately the most important.
And you know, I've been a tremendous fan and I've been a tremendous contributor. I've given a lot of money recently to Hatzalah, $100,000, emergency response. They do a fantastic job.
And my father, Fred, was always a big supporter. So I grew up in that environment. I grew up in Brooklyn, Queens, and Israel was always very paramount in our mind.
In fact, I've been sometimes criticized because I received so many awards from Jewish groups, and they look at my wall. It's loaded up. But now the Christians are catching up, I have to tell you.
My Christians are liking me a lot lately and they've been great. They have been great.
So, Obama is the worst thing that's ever happened to Israel. The worst. The worst.
And when I see great friends of mine who are very, very pro-Israel, very – I mean, they love Israel. They love it with passion, and they're having fundraisers for Obama. I said, "What are you doing?"
And it's almost like they answer me and they say, "We don't know. He comes to New York. We don't know. We don't know." I said he's a disaster.
I really believe the Iran deal. Look, I'm a negotiator like you folks. We're negotiators.
We don't build gas stations in the middle of, as you know, Afghanistan for $43 million – can you imagine this? A small gas station – $43 million – and then they used the wrong kind of terminal because they don't sell that type of gas. Okay? $43 million for a gas station.
How many think they could have done it for less? Would you raise your hands please?
But I look at Obama, I look at that deal where we gave to Iran $150 billion. They don't need to develop nuclear weapons; they can buy them. They can buy them. It's true. Why do they have to develop them? They can buy them. We gave them $150 billion.
They go out and in terms of, you know, surveillance, they have the right to self-inspect. How about that? On their major, most dangerous they can self-inspect.

We're going to let them self-inspect. And then you have of course the 24 days and the 24 days we're all good with contracts don't start until such and such happens. It could be forever before you ever go into inspect.
And we don't even get our prisoners back.
And now they want to start a negotiation to get the prisoners back and they want 19 people for our three. They don't want to give us our four. You know we have four. But they only want to talk three.
Now, that should have been negotiated right at the beginning, three years ago.
And maybe better than any audience, I mean, the people in this room understand what I'm saying. It should have been you walk in – by the way, did you ever see a negotiation take so long? And we conceded on every single. We didn't win anything. We didn't win anything.
But that should have been with our prisoners – day one, whatever it is years ago, we have to get our prisoners back. You don't want them. We need them. It will make us look better. Both everybody is going to like us more. With the American public, any deal that we strike, it's going to look good.
And you say that. We have to get our prisoners back. Day one. They're going to say, "No, we're not giving." And we're going to say, "Bye bye. Bye! Call us when you're ready." And then we go out and double up and triple up the sanctions. I guarantee you within 48 hours they're calling, begging us to come back to the table and you have your prisoners back. It's so easy.
Now, the president, you saw that, and John Kerry, who is probably the worst negotiator I've ever seen. No, he's the worst negotiator I've ever seen. He did not read The Art of the Deal, folks, I can tell you that. Now, he's one of the few. He's one of the – biggest selling of all time business book of all time, he didn't read it. And Obama definitely didn't read it. Obama, ayeyeye. Oh.
But they said – this is hard to believe but this is what they said – a lot of press back there so I have to say everything exactly correct because if I don't I end up with a – they said we didn't want to complicate the negotiations by asking for the prisoners. It's really complicated. We want our prisoners back. Oh, so complicated. They said they didn't want to complicate – so now, we're going to end up making a new deal probably at some point.
I'd tell you this, look I'll just tell you this: If I win, before I take office, I guarantee you those prisoners are going to be back. They're going to be back, I guarantee you. They're going to be back.
Now, our president doesn't want to use the term – we had another event, which probably was – the one yesterday – probably was related. It always happens but it probably was. When I heard about it, I figured maybe not. But it turns out probably was related – radical Islamic terrorism. And I'll tell you what, we have a president that refuses to use the term. He refuses to say. There's something going on with him that we don't know about.
Now, as far as Hillary's concerned, she's going to go with what he wants.
She shouldn't be allowed to run. What she did is criminal with the emails. She shouldn't be allowed to run.
She's going to have to follow his line because she's on a thread. You know, look, in real life, his Attorney General, his U.S. Attorney, his Attorney General. So his Attorney General is going to listen to him in my opinion. I think it's very dishonest what's going on with our government.
Gen. [David] Petraeus was given a life-changing sentence. Other people have been sent to jail. Petraeus was, you know, essentially – look, I don't want to get into it with the poor guy. What he went – for nothing, compared to what she did for nothing, for 5% of what she did.
And Obama, I mean, she can't go against him because only does boom she gets indicted. That's the end of it. That's the end of it.
So when you see Hillary backing up virtually everything he says, and he's got control of her. I mean, it's just total control.
But I'll tell you what, she shouldn't be allowed to run. What she did was a criminal act.
And remember this, this is a six-year – you have a six year statute of limitations. So she's fighting for her life. If she doesn't become president, she could have a real problem. Does that make any sense to anybody? Does that make sense to anybody?
Because what she did was just wrong. Okay? And you know she's been involved in corruption her whole life, whether it's Whitewater. I mean, her whole life is corruption.

She was a horrible Secretary of State. She did a horrible job other than traveled a lot. She traveled a lot, nothing ever got done. The whole – the world blew up around her. It blew up.
500 to 600 calls and emails and everything from our ambassador asking for help and she didn't respond.
The truth is she doesn't have the strength or the energy. She responded to her friends. You know the friends we're talking about. Some of those friends are, you know, sort of an interesting friend going on there.
But she responded – yeah, you get that, right? A lot of people don't get that.
But she responded to a friend, but she doesn't respond to an ambassador that's asking for help. Hundreds – hundreds of requests and she doesn't respond.
Now, remember this, I go every night to someplace. I mean, yesterday I was in Manassas, Virginia, we had an unbelievable crowd.
The other day I was in Florida, we had 12,000 people in Sarasota at 12 p.m. with the football games going on. 12,000 people. The convention center held 5,000. So we had thousands outside. I made a speech outside. I made two speeches…I said, "You can't get me a larger convention center so I can do one speech?" My people said, "No, this is the biggest one. We set a record – a big record. We set a record everywhere. We beat the record of Elton John. It's true. Elton John. I'm no longer competing with politicians. I'm competing with the musical talent.
One of the great musicians said "You get the largest crowds of any single human being on Earth without a guitar" meaning who doesn't count on music.
So it's true, we've had tremendous response. We've had incredible response.
I think you know if you look at what's going on and I think based on the response, based on the polls – again I don't want your money therefore you're probably not going to support me because stupidly you want to give money. Trump doesn't want money therefore we can't – even though he's better than all these guys, even though he's going to do more for Israel than anybody else, even though Bibi Netanyahu asked me to do a commercial for him and I did and he won his race, so I was very happy about that. But he asked me to do a commercial. And they said I was the only celebrity. I don't know if that's – but they said I'm the only celebrity. I don't know. I'm not a celebrity. See now I'm a politician. I'm so embarrassed by that term.
You know, my how life I've been a business, I've been a developer. I've employed tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. I have unbelievable statements and unbelievable company.
A lot of people said, "Oh, he'll never file." This you'll get a kick out of. "He'll never run because he'll never want to file various papers. And then he'll never file this and that and then you'd have to sign your life away." The first paper – we all know about first papers. You sign your life away. That's the end of it. He did it.
Then they said, "Well, he'll never sign and he'll never file his financials because who knows, maybe he's not as rich as people think."
So I filed my financials – almost 100 pages. The biggest ever filed by the federal elections. And everybody said, "Oh my, it's much bigger and much stronger and holy mackeral, look at these numbers!"
…If I didn't run, I'd probably would have filed anyways because you know I built a great company and I like to brag about it whenever possible. It's true.
Some of the greatest assets – Doral, you know, Doral and Turnberry in Scotland and Trump Tower and many buildings in Manhattan. Just many – Bank of America building in San Francisco with a great partner and so many other buildings and things…
And the reason I bring that up is because that's the kind of thinking we need.
And I don't bring it up as braggadocio. I bring it up because that's the kind of thinking we need in this country to bring us back. We have people that don't know the first thing about the word negotiation.
I can take anybody in this office, believe me, and they're better than Obama and they're better than Kerry and they're better than the foolish people – the foolish people. It's so embarrassing when you see what happens.
Sergeant Bergdahl, all right? Sergeant Bergdahl – we get a traitor; they get five of the greatest killers that they've wanted for nine years. You know, the deal was five for one.
And they knew he was a traitor before we made the deal. You know about Sergeant Bergdahl. He deserted. Six people were killed trying to get him back. They were looking for him.
The general and the colonel went to see all those people, they said, "No, he deserted. He was a traitor." And we still made the deal.
So we get a traitor. We can give him back. Do you want to re-negotiate deals? Some of us will re-negotiate deals. I would say about 99.9 – is there anybody that doesn't re-negotiate deals in this room? This room negotiates so I want to re-negotiate – perhaps more than any room than I've ever spoken. Maybe more. It's okay. I've been called on that a couple of times too.

But the fact is I want to renegotiate that deal. I want to drop him right smack in the middle of where he came from. The hell – they can have him even if we don't get the five guys back because that's not going to happen because you know where they are right now? They're right now all in the battlefield fighting us and trying to kill us and kill anybody that gets in.
So they get their five guys that they've wanted for nine years they've wanted them and we get a dirty rotten traitor. But that's the way our people negotiate. They're stupid people. Okay? They're stupid people.
It's very sad. It's very sad.
So I'll just tell you that I'm going to win. I am. I'm going to win. I mean, unless something happens, you know, walk across the street, the wrong thing happens. But I'll tell you what, I have a great secret service. Here's a nice one, you're number one, they give you a secret service. I never saw so many people – talented people, great people.
But I believe I'm going to win. I really have just a great feeling about it. And you know, my life has been about winning. I've won, and my life has been about winning, and that's what I want to do for the country.
And if people say about my company and deals and you can do this deal or that deal, I have no interest.
It's like the other day – Ivanka, she's doing so great. "Dad, we can buy this wonderful office building and I said, "Honey, who cares? How can you talk to me about such trivial things, Ivanka?" It's amazing. See? Now I'm dealing in trillions. I've never heard of trillions before. You know, with this – we owe $19 trillion.
We just signed a budget that's so bad and the Republicans – you know, we know where the Democrats are coming from. But these Republican politicians, they go to Washington and they're going to end Obamacare, which I'm going to do by the way – I'm ending, I'm terminating, it's going to be repealed and replaced with something much better. But they go to Washington and they're going to do this and they're going to do budgets – like I heard the guy before "We're going to work in the budget." It's all about that. What happens is they're going to do budgets like we're going to do this and that and I tell this story – then they walk into the Capitol Building, which is magnificent, and they look up "Darling, oh my, look at those columns, look at the ceiling, look at the angels. Oh, look at these magnificent floors." They've never seen anything like it. "We've arrived. This is incredible." And then they become mainstream. "We'll vote on Obamacare. Yes, I vote." They don't want to leave. They lose all of their courage. I want to use a nice word because otherwise they'd get reported for foul language. They lose all of their courage and they've let us down. That won't happen with me.
So, again, you're not going to support me even though you know I'm the best thing that could ever happen to Israel and I'll be that. I know why you're not going to support me and you know you're not going to support me because I don't want your money. Isn't it crazy? No, it's true.
You know, if I wanted to have your money, I think I'd have a damn good chance and I think I'd get more money than anybody else.
Do you know the money I have turned down? This has not been my life turning down money. Guys want to give me millions.
I would have made – poor Jeb Bush, I mean, this poor guy with his low energy. It's sad. No, it's sad.
I came up with that term, it became so defining. It's like having it on his forehead "I am low energy". No, no, it's sad.
He raised $125 million, which means he's controlled totally, totally controlled by the people that gave him the money.
That's why you don't want to give me money, okay? But that's okay. You want to control your own politician. That's fine. Good. Fine. Think about that, folks. Don't worry about it.
I understand. Hey, five months ago, I was with you. Who's better than me? Who is better than me? I gave $350,000 to the Republican Governors Association. I never even gotten a letter of thank you. It's true. $350,000. I didn't receive one letter, not one letter from one governor. Stupid. The good thing is I don't give any – why would I give any more? You don't get a thank you letter.
Politicians – remember this – politicians forget, politicians generally aren't competent, and the one thing they are good at is getting elected and that's what you're going to end up having.
But I would love your support but I don't want your money. I appreciate it. Now, let's take some questions. Okay? Good.

…I'm going to go there right after this. I have to go through – you know, you have to watch to make sure that the contractors aren't stealing and ripping you off and everything else.
But to show you how important this forum is and how important the country is to me and how important Israel is to me, it's so important, I don't mention my projects. It's not like very important to me anymore.
What's really important to me is the United States and making it great again.
My theme is Make America Great Again. I mean, it's taken off like crazy. The hats – it's going crazy.
But you know, some of these guys try to copy it but I had it trademarked because we're smart.
A couple of them got up. No, you see, I was making this speech and everybody stood up – make America great again… But nobody stood up to them. But we sent them a little notice – don't use that term. We're trademarked.
Can you imagine I got the approval?
But we are – we're building a great hotel down the road. I hope you all stay and it's going to be wonderful…

…So I was interviewed yesterday by a whole group of reporters from AP and they did a very good job. Very fair story.
And one of the questions was about Israel and the Palestinians what's going to happen.
I said – I used that as an example of some deals that are maybe the hardest deal ever in history to make…Can we think of any deals? We all have tough deals, right? You know, we have some good, some bad…
But I said people are going to have to make sacrifices one way or the other.
I believe – because I'm a dealmaker – I believe that I can put both sides together.
But I said, it'll take six months. At the end of six months and maybe sooner – with us we have a deal instinct. A lot of us. And you can walk into a room and you can almost tell like in two seconds whether or not you're going to make a deal.
I will know very quickly whether or not I'll be able to put that deal together.
I used that in this interview as an example of perhaps the hardest deal in history to put together. There's probably no tougher deal.
If I could do that, it would make me so happy because there's so much violence, so much death, and just been going on for so many years.
Now, I said you have to have a commitment to make it. I don't know that Israel has the commitment to make it, and I don't know that the other side has the commitment to make it.
With that being said, you know, I have a good chance of winning because you look at what's going on. So I have a good chance. I don't like to as a dealmaker give away a lot of cards by talking about how I feel about this or that. I'd rather save it for that moment when you walk into the room. I don't want one side or the other saying.
Look, I think people know where I stand. But wouldn't it be great if they could make a deal? But a lasting deal, a real deal. Not a phony deal that's going to last a week and then bad things started happening again.
I'd love to – and I will give it. You know Obama, as you know he said it won't happen, meaning he gave up on this before it even started.
But I think it would be a great thing for Israel – I think it would be a great actually for both sides if a real deal could be made, and I'm going to give it my best.
I'm a great dealmaker. That's what I do. I made a lot of money. I'm going to give it my best. It would be great if that deal could be made.
…
By the way, Israel has given a lot…And a lot of people don't know that. I think the public relations for Israel hasn't been so great because Israel's given a lot but hasn't been given a lot of credit for what they've given…
In fact, some things have been given which were unthinkable and a lot of turmoil it caused in Israel. There were things given. But I'd like to go in with a clean slate and just say let's go, everybody's even, we love everybody, and let's see if we could do something.
But I do think this – and I do think right from the beginning and that one of the reasons I'm saying it now even though perhaps it comes back to haunt me later on it has to be said that Israel has given a lot. I don't know whether or not they want to go that far in a little step and you know that's going to be up to them. But Israel has not been given the credit that they deserve for what they've done. I will say that. I will say that. So that's it.

You know what I want to do? I want to wait until I meet with Bibi. You know, I'm leaving for Israel in a very short period of time. I know. I know what you're saying. I just – you're not going to be – who's the wise guy?
Do me a favor. Just relax. Okay? You'll like me very much, believe me. Okay? And you wonder why you get yourself in trouble. All right? You're going to like me very much. It's going to be fine.
But again, you can't go in with that – if you're going to make a deal and you could make a great deal – you can't go in with the attitude we're going to shove it down. You've got to go in and get it and do it and do it nicely so everyone's happy. Don't worry about it. You're going to be very happy. Okay? Don't worry about it.

I think he's a very good man. I think he's been treated very badly. I think that our president has been unbelievably rude to Bibi. I don't know how many people like Bibi. But I think he's been unbelievably rude.
And – I mean, we'll talk about deals after the fact, which is a shame but I think the Iran deal is the worst single thing.
Perhaps it'll go down – and I've been pretty good at predicting things. I think it's going to go down as the worst single thing that's ever happened to Israel. I think it's a catastrophe for Israel.
And I think the fact that Obama was willing to make that deal for anybody that loves Israel to support this guy or even the Democratic Party is impossible to believe.
I think it will be one of the great catastrophes.
But if I get in, I will straighten it out, believe me. It's going to be straightened out. It's going to be straightened out tough and it's going to be straightened out fast.
The one bad thing is if I get in, the $150 billion is gone. That hurts me and that hurts the people of Israel. But the $150 billion is gone because it'll be gone before you get there.
You know, we're talking about a year and more actually. Although the election very quick. You know, it's coming up. It's now less than a year and you know we have the Iowa starts on February 1st and then we go right down the line and it's very exciting. We're talking about a couple of months now for it to start.
For a person like me, I mean, it's very exciting.

Well, I haven't been working too much with the Arab leaders, to be honest with you. Okay?
You know, I told you I made commercials for Bibi. I don't know if that's going to help me in the negotiation. I can tell you. You know, I'm trying to keep it nice and level, right? Then I get people screaming at me. But I'm trying to keep it as level as possible but I for the most part don't know.
The King of Jordan seems like a nice man. I mean, I don't know. We're going to see. A lot of people like him; some people don't.
But I think I will probably be able – what my history – you know, I took some heat because I get along with Democrats, I get along with liberals, I get along with conservatives, I get along with Republicans. I get along with everybody. That's what I was – I'm a businessperson. I get along with everybody. We have to get along with everybody.
And I took some heat and I always explained that. I said, "Wait a minute, I'm a businessperson. I've got to get along with everybody." I live in Manhattan. It's all Democrat. I mean, it's virtually all – Republicans don't even run people for the most part and if they do they get 5%. You know, they get a very small percentage of the vote. Got to get along with everybody.
I think that's going to be a tremendous asset because right now we have gridlock in Washington. We have people that – they don't talk.
You know, I remember that years ago because I've been a very political person on the other side but always very political.
But years ago, the Republicans and the Democrats – they used to like each other. They'd get along. They'd have dinner together. They'd argue and they'd fight and they'd disagree and would have, you know, different views and things.
But in the evening, they'd go out and they'd have dinner together with their families. You don't see that anymore.
There's total hatred and there's total gridlock.
I'll give you one point, which I think is important. Corporate inversions. Right? So you have companies leaving the United States and they're leaving because of better taxes and better a lot of things. A lot of things are better. But they're leaving. Pfizer. How good is Pfizer? Thousands and thousands of jobs are going to be lost.
But they're also leaving because we have $2.5 trillion at least – I think it's a much higher number than that. $2.5 trillion – that's out of the country that these companies can't get back because of bureaucracy and horrible trade agreements but because the taxes are too high. They're so onerous that nobody in this room would agree to pay that much money to get your money out.
So they leave it over there and they actually take the company and they move the company to the money because that's how much money.
The Republicans and the Democrats totally agree that the money should come back. For three years they can't get a deal. There's no leadership. It's gridlock.
There's an example of something where everybody agrees – all the people that you see up here they all agree but they can't get it done because they're politicians. They're all talk; they're no action.
So there's something and it's so important. It's not like something where they don't get – like there's big disputes and we understand that. This is something everybody agrees – the money should pour into this country and we should use the money and all the things – taxes paid.
But they agree and they can't get it doen because of gridlock and incompetent leadership.

You know, honestly, I don't think anybody can say. She says she is. But now she says all of a sudden maybe less so than you thought because she's going very, very far over to the other side.
I mean, Bernie Sanders has brought her to positions that she didn't want to be at. You look at some of the things that she's saying right now.
But I'll tell you what, whether she is or not, she doesn't have the strength or the energy to help Israel. I'm telling you she doesn't.
…But just take a look. She'll come out and do an event and you don't see her for another four days, three days, five days. No, it's true.
Think of it. We don't need – some people say it's not nice to say. She doesn't have the strength or the energy.
Israel needs more than just our support. They need strength. They need real power behind them.
Because you know, you look at as these countries fall over there, Israel's looking more and more – you know, Israel has some difficulties.
And one thing and I think you'll all admit it. These people are fighting really dirty but they fight a lot better than we used to think. Right? We used to think "Oh, that was easy."
15 years ago with my friends from Israel because I have a lot of friends from Israel, they used to smile and laugh "Oh, don't worry about it." Now they're saying, "These guys are – they're dirty fighters." And they're not bad. You know, they're tough. They're not the JV. Okay? Obama said they're the JV. They're not the JV folks.
We need tough. We need General George Patton. We need General MacArthur. We don't need the guys we have. I see them on television – generals. I don't want my generals on television saying "Well, ISIS is very tough."
I saw a guy the other day. ISIS is very tough. I don't know. I don't need that.
Do you think General George Patton – they don't like him because he was a foul mouth vicious horrible brilliant guy. So he would never make it. They probably would have had him thrown out years ago.
But we need Patton. We need a genius like MacArthur.
And we have those people. We have those people. I'll find that person.
But we're going to knock the crap out of them, I'll tell you what. We're going to win. We're going to win. We're going to win.

Well, I think radical Islam right now is, and I feel that's the greatest. And again, we have a president who refuses to use the term.
But radical Islam is – I'll tell you one thing I know isn't is global warming. That's the one thing…I know isn't.
I mean, we have a guy that just the other day who said – here they want to blow everything – this is right after Paris. They want to blow our cities up. They want to destroy our civilization, and he's worried about global warming, which a lot of people think is a hoax.
By the way, I won so many environmental awards shockingly. No, it's true.
And you know what I want to do? I want really immaculate air. I want clean, crystal water. I want a lot of things. Okay? I want a lot of things.
But global warming – you noticed they changed the name – they go global warming, they go climate change, they go – now I hear a lot of extreme weather. How can you miss with extreme weather, right? If it's cold, it's okay. If it's hot, it's okay. If it's windy, if it's hot – everything is extreme. So now they use extreme weather. It is a disgrace what's going on.
And to have this man embarrass us by standing up and saying that global warming is our biggest threat, we got to get him out so fast and thank goodness we only have a year left.
Thank you. Thank you very much everybody.

…It's a great honor. I want to thank Simon and Schuster, one of the most magnificent publishers. For years and years, I've heard about Simon and Schuster's being a fabulous – I was going to say the Rolls-Royce, I was going to say the Harvard or the Yale, but they really are a great one. And I want to thank you very much. You've given us such tremendous support.
And we did this quickly and I think we did it very effectively. It's been an incredible experience.
We wrote a book and the title – "Crippled America" – is very tough but unfortunately we have to do what we have to do and I think one of the reasons we've been doing so well in the campaign is because we tell it like it is. We tell the truth.
And America is crippled. We owe $17 [trillion] and now $18 [trillion] and now it's actually very soon going to be $19 trillion in debt.
We have a military that doesn't have proper instruction from leadership. We don't know what we're doing. We're losing all over the world with trade deals. Every country, no matter what country you talk about, you can just pick a name out of a hat, they're beating us in trade.
And we can't go on like this any longer. It's impossible to go on like this any longer.
I always mention as an example Sergeant Bergdahl, a traitor. We get Sergeant Bergdahl; they get five of the people they wanted and they wanted badly. And that's not the way it's going to work anymore.
So we write about it in the book. We tell lots of different stories of lots of different things. And I think it's going to be very instructional, very important.
To me, it was instructional.
When I did "The Art of the Deal", I think one of the reasons it was so successful is that it was largely instructional. Even today when I speak, so many people hold up the book "The Art of the Deal" and the other books we've done.
So this is one that probably not since the Art of the Deal, I have to tell this to Louise and Simon and Schuster, have I worked so hard on a book and it was in a confined period of time. We wanted to get it out really, really quickly so that it pertain to what's going on right now. It's a moment of time. And we got it done.
And David did a fantastic job…And all of my people did a great job. They helped me so much because we are doing a couple of other things right now. So this was not easy getting this in.

But we see by the lines – the lines go down to Park Avenue. They've been forming since last night and I'm going to be signing books starting at 12 p.m. We're doing a couple of interviews and then we're signing books starting at 12 p.m. and that'll be very exciting for me.
But we have fans that have bought the book and they just bought it and some have been online now for 12 and 14 hours. I don't know how they're doing this but they do it. They find a way.
So I'm looking forward to getting to the signings.
…

Well, I think it's a different book. You know, we just had polls come out today from Iowa where I'm leading. You saw the new poll from Iowa. You saw the new poll in New Hampshire where I'm leading big.
A poll just came out in Florida where I'm leading big. Georgia, Texas. I mean, all over the place.
And I think you know look we're doing well. And if you add Ben and myself we're beating everybody by a lot. That seems to be the big story that we're beating – they call it the establishment. It's called really the failed establishment because the establishment has let us down.
But I don't know. I don't know how his book is doing.

Well, I think my book is very hard-hitting. His is a different kind of book and he's a different kind of a person. My book is very hard-hitting. It says it like it is. And based on what Simon and Schusters just told me, it's selling like hotcakes. So we'll see.

We're very different people. We have very different qualities and we are extremely different. And I'm different from all of the other candidates.
Look, nobody can negotiate trade deals like me.
We are going to take the $400 billion a year that we're losing with China, that's going to be turned around. The $75 billion a year that we're short on with Japan.
The $50 billion a year that we lost to Mexico. And that's right, there will be a wall built. It will go up. It will be built. And people will come into the country legally.
So I mean, much different than – you're look at Marco Rubio – very, very weak on illegal immigration.
You look at Ben and he's very weak on immigration and he wants to get rid of Medicare. I mean, Ben wants to get rid of Medicare. You can't get rid of Medicare. It'd be a horrible thing to get rid of. It actually works. You get rid of the fraud, waste, and abuse. It works. So when a man is weak on immigration and wants to get rid of Medicare, I don't know how he stays here.

No, I think that really Marco is over-rated. And frankly had Bush been a better messenger, he has the better message. I mean, if that was me delivering that message it would have been a much different story because he hasn't been able to – Marco doesn't show up to the United States Senate. He's representing the people of Florida, which by the way that poll just came out today and I'm way up in Florida over everybody.
But Marco is a sitting Senator and he doesn't show up for the people of Florida, and I don't think he should be doing that.
Now, Bush gave a very weak message. I agree with that. It was poorly delivered. But the facts are on Bush's side and ultimately I think Marco's going to be hurt very badly.
And if you look at Mr. Singer, you have to see where Mr. Singer is coming from and when you see where he's coming from, I think people are going to say, "Whoa, we didn't know that."
But look at Marco's stance on illegal immigration. It's really trouble for him. I don't see how he can win.

Marco Rubio's personal finances are discredit…All you have to do is look at his credit card. I mean, he is a disaster with his credit cards. And I'll tell you what, I love Florida. I'm in Florida all the time. And for years, I've been hearing that his credit cards are disaster. I would think that when you take a look at it, you would find that.
But his credit card debt and his problems with credit card and what he did when he was running the party apparatus with credit cards, I've heard about it for years. You'll have to find out.

Well, he has a very bad record of finances if you look at what happened with his houses, with his – you know, he certainly lives above his means. There's no question about that.

…I'll tell you what. On the debates, it's very interesting. Because I don't really care that much. I want a room. I want a podium. And let's get going. Because I don't really care that much.
But a lot of the people that are candidates who I respect – many of them, not all of them – but I respect many of them, they felt it was very unfair because Hillary Clinton was given all soft balls. I mean, she wasn't asked one tough question. They didn't talk about her foundation. They didn't talk about any of the problems. They didn't talk about the emails. When the email problem came up, Bernie Sanders lost his whole campaign. I mean, what he did was so stupid from his standpoint. In order to get a one-minute soundbite of some applause, he gave up the emails. That was end of his campaign.
First of all, people aren't going to his rallies anymore. He's finished.
So unless something happens to her with respect to the emails, she'll easily be the candidate.
But I will say this: She only got softballs. That's all she got.
And if you look at the way we were treated, it wasn't the same way.
With that being said, I don't really care.

Well, I think the Republicans actually are doing a pretty good job overall. They coalesced at that last debate because I mean, it really started with me. The guy asked me a question. I think Harwood is probably finished as a credible reporter. He's a disaster. And he was – it was such as horribly put question and so obvious.
And the Republicans coalesced around each other. It was actually pretty beautiful when you think about it.
And all we want to do is to be treated fairly.
But with me, I don't care that much. Just give me a podium.
What I would say is this: The networks have made a fortune because of me, not because of anybody else.
You know, they were saying that the last cycle, they had 2 million and 1 million people and the networks didn't even want to broadcast it because nobody watched. Okay? Nobody wanted to watch.
Now, they have 25 million people, 24 million people, 23 million people and 16 million people. I mean, give me a break.
So somebody said, "How did they get there?"
And actually Variety and Hollywood Reporter, who do report this stuff pretty well – much better than the political press – they said "solely for one reason – it was Trump". I'll take the credit.
But I'll tell you what I also want. I think that Wounded Warriors and our veterans should be given some of the enormous profits being made on these debates – enormous profits – by the way beyond anything they've ever envisioned.
CNN was going to get $2,000 for a 30 second ad. They ended up getting $250,000. So they went from $2,000 to $250,000 for a 30 second ad.
The networks and the cable are making a fortune, and I think they should give some of the profits to the Wounded Warriors and the veterans. That's what I want.

I'm giving them away. I'm giving the profits of my book – I'm giving them away to a lot of different – including the vets.

…I have been amazing with respect to the hiring of women. This building was built as the head person who was fantastic by a woman and that was at a time when you didn't see that in the construction trades. I mean, it was totally unique.
I have many, many executives upstairs and in different buildings that I have that are women. Many – a proportion that's close to 50%. Might even be over 50% if I analyze it. And they get paid a lot of money – in many cases more than men doing the same job.
So women have always appreciated that about me. I've been in terms of employment really a standout and I've been honored for doing so well with women.

What Jeb Bush was saying at the last debate? I don't know. But he didn't say it well.

…I like Telemundo by the way. I like it better than Univision. I'm suing Univision for $500 million.
…Because the country is doing so poorly. It's a very accurate title because the country is doing so poorly.

That's good. They're going to have some demonstrations. Oh, good because it'll get even higher ratings if they do that. I think it's fine. I think they should demonstrate. Ratings will go even higher than they are going to be. It's going to be one of the highest rated shows ever. And they're very excited about it.
And I have a great relationship, as you know from Telemundo, with the Hispanics. You've treated me actually very fairly. Won the poll recently in Nevada. Won other polls. And in Nevada, I think I got 37% and leading everybody.
So I have a great relationship with the Hispanics. I have working for me thousands right now – thousands of Hispanics. I've had tens of thousands of people over the year working for me. I'm a job machine. I'm a job machine.
And one of the things that does come out in every single poll and every single survey is that nobody for the economy nobody is even close. I'm two, three, and you see that – two, three, four, five times greater than anybody else.
And you'd almost say like it's about the jobs, it's about the economy. Then how's anybody going to beat Trump in all fairness?
But I've had a great relationship with the workers. I've had a great relationship with jobs. And I've had an amazing relationship with the Hispanics. And I predict that I'm going to win the Hispanic vote.

I think I'm going to win the Hispanic vote. I predict, yeah, I think I'm going to get the nomination and I will win the White House. I think beating Hillary Clinton is going to be easy because her record is so bad.

That's the question I like. How am I preparing for my SNL? Well, I'm meeting with Lorne Michaels in a little while. Afterwards, we're going to sign – I guess got thousands of people on line but we're going to sign and then later on this evening I'm meeting with Lorne Michaels and the whole staff and we'll start the preparation. We'll pick our skits. Am I nervous? Not too nervous. Not too nervous. But we're going to do a good job and we're going have a fantastic show. We're all going to have a lot of fun.

My Jeb impression? No, I don't want to do that. I don't like showing a person sleeping at the podium.

Tom is asking "Can Jeb make a comeback?" I think it's going to be very hard. Very hard. Not about money. I just think – you know, I came up with the energy. And I just think we need tremendous energy because we need a person that has tremendous personal energy to get us back on track. You can't do that when you don't have that.
I think Marco is highly overrated. Highly overrated. He doesn't have it and all you have to do is look at his stance on things.
Jeb – he lacks the quality that you need.
We're talking about everybody in the world is ripping us off. You need a very strong person with tremendous energy. Thank you very much folks, I'll take the job.
But and it's so important. And by the way, Ben Carson does not have that energy.
We need somebody with tremendous energy to straighten out the military, to straighten out ISIS, to straighten out our horrible trade deals, to terminate Obamacare and come up with something far better for far less money. You need somebody with tremendous personal energy as President.
We have a president right now that doesn't have energy. I mean, you think Obama has energy? He has no energy. And he's been a horrible president.
We need somebody with great personal energy as a leader so that we can make great deals with other countries and do well in every other respect. And certainly Jeb does not have that energy in my opinion.

From the Guardian. Ah, they treat me very nicely in Scotland. Go ahead.

Well, we just went over that. Honestly, we just went over that. And it's only going to make it harder.

You're going to see what we're going to do. You're going to see. But the whole thing with anchor babies, I turned out to be right. A person has a baby, lives in Mexico or lives in Asia or lives in many different place, has a baby, walks across the border, has the baby here. Now, we're responsible for that person for the next 85 years. I don't think so.
And by the way, I was right, they were wrong. The 14th Amendment does not give them clearance on that.
And if you wanted to do that in Mexico or if you wanted to do that in almost any other country where you have a baby in that country and that country has that person for 85 years including all of the costs of that person, they would laugh you right out of the country. You would be laughed out of the country so fast.
So, that turned out – I was 100% right. We'll have to worry about that. We're going to take care of it, and it's going to be done in a very humane way.
But we're going to bring back our country and we're going to have a wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall and you know why they're going to pay? And I have great relationships with Mexico and phenomenal relationships with the Mexican people. Phenomenal. And they buy apartments from me; they work for me by the thousands – by the thousands. Phenomenal relationships.
But let me just tell you we lose so much money with Mexico in terms of trade imbalance – $45 billion last year. Plus, we give Mexico billions and billions of dollars. They will pay for the wall. And it will be very interesting.
And you know what? People are going to come into this country but they're going to come in legally.

…A lot of European countries are going to build walls to stop the immigration.
Well, walls work. All you have to do is ask Israel. Walls work if it's properly constructed. Not the walls that these characters, these politicians that we have running our country who are a disgrace – all talk, no action politicians – they build a wall this big, they drive cars right through it.
Walls work. All you have to do is go and see Israel. They will tell you that walls work.

We need pomp and circumstance. Our country has no spirit. Our country has no gravitas. Our country doesn't feel good about itself. And the primary reason is we have no victories. I mean, where have we had a victory? Where have we had a victory in trade? Where have we had a victory as an example this horrible deal that was signed with Iran where we've given them $150 billion and we lose everything. We lose everything. It's a laughing stock. Worst deal. Worst contract I've ever seen drawn.
We have no victories. And I do write about it. We need some pomp and circumstance. We need spirit. We need a cheerleader.
I thought seven years ago when Obama got elected, the one thing I thought that he would be a great cheerleader for this country. He's not. He's been a great divider for the country. He's been one of the great dividers of all time.
I'm not saying dress. It has nothing to do with dress. It has to do with the fact that what he says is very divisive. He has been a great divider for this country, and that should not have happened.

…I'll go anyway they want. I don't care too much about the debates. Look, I'm the one that gets all the nasty questions anyway. Nobody else gets the really nasty questions. In a certain way, maybe they're defending me although I will tell you they're not doing it for that reason.

I think it's irrelevant. I just – I like the debates. I've had the debates. I've done well in the debates. As you know, every single poll said I won all three debates. Now, I don't know if I did or not but I certainly didn't do badly. But every single poll says – even CNBC's poll said I won the debate.
So I like the debates. I think they're good for me. But we have to be treated a little bit fairly.
As an example, Hillary Clinton – no tough questions. I mean, why didn't they ask about Bill? Why didn't they ask about all of the different things. No tough questions. Now, that was staged by the Democrats. And frankly, they did a very smart thing in the way they staged it.
Well, we're going to stage something properly also.
But as far as I'm concerned, I really don't care that much. I just want a debate. I think debating is a good thing. It's healthy. Gets everything into the open.
But you don't want people like Harwood that read a question – blah, blah, blah – that he wrote – that he carefully wrote. He thought he was such – his career – in my opinion, his career is probably ruined or certainly threatened.
He could ask about anything you want. I mean, you have to ask about anything you want. Hillary had only softballs. All night long. It was like this – "Here, Hillary, hit this one out of the park."

Are you from Russia? All right. I think our relationship with Russia will be very good. Vladimir Putin was on 60 Minutes with me three weeks ago. Right? Putin. And they have one of the highest ratings they've had in a long time. So I'm going to give him total credit. But we will have a very good relationship I think with Russia.
Now, maybe we won't. But I believe we will have a very good relationship with Russia. I believe that I will have a very good relationship with Putin.

Sounds okay to me.

Well, I think there are a lot of economic issues. We didn't talk about trade. We didn't talk about devaluations. Right? We didn't talk about corporate inversions, which by the way, none of the other candidates, they don't even know what it means.
But we didn't talk about corporate inversions where companies are leaving our country – massive companies – because they can't get their money back and because they get lower taxes elsewhere. So they're leaving and they're taking their jobs with them.
The corporate inversion syndrome is a very important thing to be talking about.
These were all things that weren't talked about at the debate. Instead, they talked about fantasy football. I mean, it was a big question – fantasy football. I'm saying what about corporate inversions? $2.5 trillion at least. I think it's probably twice that number is in other countries wanting to come back and because our system is so corrupt and terrible, they can't get the money back to invest in this country.
So they don't talk about corporate inversions at the debates. They talk about fantasy football. Those are the few.

I was against the war in Iraq. You know, it was very early on. I'll give it to you. Yeah, I have it upstairs…
Well, you know, you have to understand, I was a developer. A lot of people didn't care about my view in 2003 and 2004. But there was a Reuters article taken from a magazine about my stance in 2004, I believe, in July of 2004 and it talked about my stance on how I felt about Iraq. And I said very strongly exactly what happened. I said you will destabilize the Middle East and when you destabilize the Middle East, Iran will take over Iraq. That's exactly what's happening. And they will take over the oil reserves, which are among the largest in the world, and in addition other bad things will happen. The other bad things are ISIS. I said that in 2004 and that was an article that was taken from a magazine which was previous to that. I've felt that for a long time.

…Do I think that it's time for some of the other Republicans in the race that registering zero – in a couple of places they have a zero with an arrow pointing left, which I assume is a mistake because that's less than zero. I assume that's not happening. Do I think it's time to have some of the other Republican candidates drop out? Yes. There are too many people. Well, I don't want to get personal but you can look at the poll numbers.
Look, if a person is campaigning for four or five months and they're at 0% or 1% or 2%, they should get out.
Like, you know, look at me. I go to Florida and look at the numbers that just came out in Florida. 37%? Georgia. I mean, those are real numbers. These numbers that these people have – and I often ask myself. I asked Mark yesterday, "What are they doing? Do they do this for their brand? Because I happen to think it's very bad for their brand."
I think [Scott] Walker did a good thing. I think the way Walker – he saw it wasn't happening, wasn't going to happen and he just got out quickly. You know, he was favored. Don't forget. You know. That was before Trump was going to happen. Right? But he was favored for a period of time. Favored. Walker. Gov. Walker. They thought he was going to win.
What happened is he got out.
I think the way he got out was great. I think he did a really smart thing for himself.
And frankly, other people should get out because I would like to personally have more time to talk about the problems of the United States and more importantly how we can solve the problems. So it's a great question. People should get out.

Ivanka. Oh, they just said one of the biggest applause lines – it's true – I get is when I talk about my daughter Ivanka. She was just at Fortune Magazine for like something like Woman of the Year which is great…But Ivanka is going to be very involved and Melania is going to be very involved very soon. They're going to be coming out very soon.

Oh, Ivanka is going to Iowa. When are you going to Iowa? Very soon.

I would say – I don't see threats. I mean, whatever it is I have to do. Mark is saying "What are the top threats to your candidacy?" Who knows? I mean, you're in the crazy world of politics. People change their minds.
I'm going to make America great again. Nobody else is going to be able to do that. I'm going to do it.
I'm going to make it in my opinion better than ever before, and I think that's awfully tough to compete with.
And one of the reasons that in my book I actually put financials in there – I showed some of the developments that – I have many, many more because you can only – Simon and Schuster – you actually kept me to eight or nine pages. Right? And there are four or five in a page. But I show some of the great developments that I have done that are so successful and so incredible and so financially good, I show my financial statement from a year and a half, two years ago. Now it's even better but we didn't have that certified yet.
So I do that not in a braggadocious way. I do that because that's the kind of thinking our country needs right now.
We are run by people that are incompetent. We are run by people who in so many words – I hate to use the word stupid but you have to use that word. Unless they have bad intentions which I don't believe they do. But we are run by incompetent people. We have incompetent leadership.
There are so many things. Like I mentioned corporate inversion. The Democrats want the money to come back. Who doesn't? The Republicans want the money to come back. For three years, the Democrats have said we want the money to come back. For three years, the Democrats and the Republicans agree 100%. You have a vast majority. Maybe everybody. For three years. Guess what? They haven't done anything. Right? They can't even get along when they agree.
So here's the thing where we can take trillions of dollars, bring it back to this country, rebuild big parts of our country with it, companies can spend that money in our country, we have everybody agrees it should be done for years and they can't do it. That's a part of the problem.

Well, you're going to look – a lot of controversy with Mr. Singer. A lot of controversy with Mr. Singer. There are those people that probably wouldn't have want him to back. But we'll see. I'll talk to you.

No, they all agree. They all agree. They just didn't want to go through the unfair questions because they weren't questions; they were statements.
You see, they were asking – they were giving statements in a sarcastic, disgusting way.
And by the way, I think Becky is terrific and I think Carl is terrific. But I think John Harwood is not very good at what he does. But I think Becky Quick is a terrific person. I think Carl is a terrific person. But I will tell you John Harwood was a disgrace to CNBC.

…The question is should the Fed raise rates? They are not raising them because Obama has asked them not to raise them. In my opinion, he wants to get out of office because we are in a bubble and when those rates are raised, a lot of bad things are going to happen or potentially going to happen. And in my opinion, Janet Yellen is highly political and she's not raising rates for a very specific reason because Obama told her not to because he wants to be out playing golf in a year from now and he wants to be doing other things and he doesn't want to see a big bubble burst during his administration. Janet Yellen should have raised the rates. She's not doing it because the Obama administration and the president doesn't want her to. And if she does it, you see what happens every time there's even a thought of raising them just a little bit.
And one of the problems that we have is our currency right now is not competitive with other currencies. Because if you look at the devaluations of China, of Japan, of many, many different countries, they're making it impossible for our companies to compete with them because we don't have leaders that know how to say to China, "Don't do that. Don't do that. Because if you do that, we're going to put a big fat tax on you. Don't do that." And you know what? If you said that, they wouldn't do it. If you have the right messenger…

I'm really focused on one very big election, one very important election, and there are some pretty good elections. I'm not watching any of them in particular. I'll be watching them on Tuesday night. But I'll be out there; we'll be out voting.
But the election that I'm watching is the election for the presidency of the United States. That is going to be in my opinion this will be truly one of the most important elections we've ever had in this country. We're so far behind. And we cannot go another four years with incompetent leadership.

That's a good question. Okay. So, Simon and Schuster came up to me. They wanted to do a book. They wanted to do on success and how do you do this and how do you build it and that's what the book is largely about but we talked so much about the country. And I said, "I'll do it but we have to talk about the country."
What happened is they sent this incredible photographer up to do a book cover, do to a picture. And he did some great…photos. I'm smiling. I'm happy. I look good. Everything was fine. And then he took one where I wasn't like really thinking about a photo and then it turned out to be a nasty picture. And then the book was written and the title was given and the only really terrible picture I had was that one. It's a terrible, horrible, nasty picture. But when you're talking about "Crippled America" and you're talking about all of the problems we have, I can't have a big smiley face up there. So that's how we picked it. We picked the worst photo taken of me.
I would have loved to have a beautiful smiling picture but somehow that doesn't go with the title of the book or frankly the content of the book, and actually Simon and Schuster agreed with me. Okay?

Are the other Republicans afraid to debate? Well, some of them should be.
Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

…I was telling some of the folks backstage, I never ever thought we'd do this well this fast. This has been so incredible. What's happened all over. What's happened in Iowa. It's been really incredible.
We've had some amazing results and they continue to come in.
Got a little shake-up in Iowa. I don't know what's going on.
Somebody said "Are you going straight to New Hampshire?" Now, I love New Hampshire. We've got great numbers. 38 to 12. That's good.
But we fell a little behind in Iowa, and some people are saying how can it be. And I come out and I was just telling a group we have the biggest crowds, we have the most enthusiastic crowds.
Everybody said and it's very true. I mean, look at this. Somebody else would come, they'd have like 50 people and they wouldn't need this room. Believe me.
But everybody said without question in every poll – this isn't just here – that the people that are with Trump are with Trump. They don't go anywhere. They're staying. It's true. I see it. I see it.
And we've seen it.
You know, a couple of times I say "Well, that could be the end." Then they do something and I'm 10 points up. It's the craziest thing, right? But we'll take it.
But they say the people are with – we have the most loyal people by far. Everybody says it.
The other thing they say is for leadership, number one. Very important, right? Don't you think? Leadership.
I mean, when leadership is number one – they say on the economy without question number one and by a lot.
So you know it's great.
I thought I'd talk a little bit and I want to take some questions. You know, we can do a little question and answer. Right?
We have all these cameras going back here. And you know, it's always tough when you're on live television all the time.
Look, we have 10 topics. Right? How many topics? 10? How many different ways can you talk about the 10 topics?
The bottom line is we want results. We want to get it done. But when you're on live television all the time all those people back there and the cameras are on and then you're talking about immigration and you're talking about the wall because we're going to have a wall and we're going to stop illegal immigration.
But we talk about trade and we talk about repealing Obamacare. And we talk about all the things that we talk about.
But you know, you have these points and we could talk about them in different forms, in different ways and give different examples. But in the end, it's really about results. Isn't it? It's really about results.
And you can only talk about the same subjects on live television so many different ways.
I talk about industry. I talk about commerce. I talk about how we're losing our jobs to all of these different countries. And I give different examples.
But it's still going to be a certain number of subjects.
I talk about Second Amendment. I talk about Fourteenth Amendment. We talk about amendments.
You know, that Second Amendment, they want to take it away from you. They really want to do things and it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. At least with me it's not going to happen. That I can tell you.
So I said today you know we'll talk for a little while but I want to do some questions and answers. I want you people to excite me for a change. Is that okay? I want to be excited. And so we're going to have some fun. We're going to do that.
A few things – I want to bring up a few new subjects.
So, immigration, we're going to be doing a very strong number. It's killing us. It's killing us. And it's bad for the economy. It's bad for – all of this illegal immigration.

And I have to tell you legal – you come in and we're going to have a good time and you're going to be there and you're going to do great – and visas – maybe work, maybe there are cases where you need people in and we'll do something, we're not going to hurt our economy in any way, shape or form. We're going to make our economy much, much stronger.
But we're also going to get jobs for people that are here. People with us. We're going to get jobs. We're going to get jobs.
But the illegal immigration – you know, I did this and I made my determination – I took a deep breath. Because I'll tell you what, it takes courage to say I'm going to run for president. It really does, especially in my case where I have a great business and I love my business. I love doing it. I may never even see it.
I mean, I own some of the great properties in the world. Doral in Miami. I may never see it again… Turnberry in Scotland, one of the greatest homes of the British Open and all of that. I may never see it again.
All of these incredible places that I have.
But more than that, it takes courage because when you do it, you're putting yourself out there beyond anything that anybody's done and it even takes courage for a politician to do it.
Now at some point some of these guys have to leave. Don't we agree? It's getting ridiculous.
Because like tomorrow night we're having a debate, and I wish we had more time for the debate. Not in terms of three hours because who wants three hours? You know, I could stand up for 20 hours if I had to but who wants to watch that long?
Hillary's debate essentially lasted for an hour and a half and I was – oh – it was – you couldn't watch it.
You have Hillary against a socialist/communist. And honestly, he's not going to win. Just so you understand…He's not going to win and neither is she…
Well, she's being totally protected because in theory she shouldn't even be allowed to run. She's being protected.
It's a tough game and it's a nasty game but she's being totally protected.
But she's going to beat him and you still have one more of these guys. O'Malley. So he'll be out quickly, I guess. I don't know what's he doing. What do they do when they have zero? They have zero.
And I wouldn't say it against our folks. But they've treated me – some of the zeroes have treated me so nastily, right? Because they want to start controversy and they want to try pick up some points.
And you know what? I'm not going to even mention names. Usually I do. I love doing it. But everybody that's hit me so far has gone down. They've gone down. And they've gone down bigly.
And a couple of the ones and zeroes – they're the ones that hit the hardest. I mean, they're like desperate people. But they hit.
One of them has a zero with an arrow pointing to the left. That means less than zero. And I don't understand. What does it mean? I assume it's a typo but maybe not.
But when you look at the things that are happening with our country – the trade situation with not just China – I talk about China all the time because that's the main abuser, that's the biggest abuser. The numbers are astronomical. Almost $400 billion a year in terms of imbalance. Think of it – $400 billion a year.
And they send stuff over here but we can't send stuff over there. They tax us. Big tax.
A friend of mine can't get stuff over there. The tax is so big. Big tax.
Somebody bought an airplane in China here. Can't get it over there. Spoiled guy. Rich guy. Bought a beautiful plane. Can't get it over there because the tax is so massive that he's now selling in this country because China won't let him have the plane and he has to pay a tax.
I won't even tell you what the tax is. It's so astronomical that I don't even believe them myself. So I'm not going to say it because those guys will say "Well, he was wrong." All I can tell you is it's a massive tax. Like you don't buy planes here because if you do, you won't be able to get them back in.
And here, we accept all of their products.
So we have almost a $400 billion trade imbalance with China.
We have a $70 billion trade imbalance with Japan.
We have a – you know, with all that's going on in the South China Sea and you look where we have a destroyer – a relatively small ship – over there, I don't know if I'd want to be the captain of that ship right now. But they're being sort of mocked and scorned and a lot of bad things can happen.

But you know, we have an agreement with Japan and I love Japan. I love China. I love all these people. But their leaders are killing us because they're smarter, sharper, more cunning.
The leaders of Mexico are killing us at the border and in trade. They're taking so many of our companies.
Even Nabisco – my Oreos – they're taking Nabisco. Right? I'm never eating Oreos. I tell it all the time. They had some Oreos before on the plane and I said I don't want to touch them. Bring them back. I yelled out to bring them back.
But I'm not happy. They're leaving Chicago and they're moving their big plant to Mexico.
So when you see this happening, we have to stop it.
And I'm not going to beat around the bush and "Oh, let's talk and let's be nice and let's say – " Nobody can do it like I do it. Nobody. Honestly, nobody.
We can – I'm not saying I'm perfect because I'm not perfect. Nobody's perfect…
Now, nobody's perfect. But I'll tell you when it comes to that stuff I'm really – there's nobody better.
Carl Icahn endorsed me the other day. He's one of the great traders, one of the great dealmakers. He says Trump, Trump. And he's not somebody that just do it. He wants somebody that knows what they're doing. He understand.
You talk about corporate inversions and all of the things that have been going on.
Corporate inversions. You know, many of the companies in this country have trillions of dollars cumulatively. They think $2.5 trillion overseas right now. They can't get it in.
And everybody agrees that we should bring it in. The Democrats and the Republicans. They've agreed for years. They can't make a deal because they have no leader.
It's not like "Oh gee, we disagree on Obamacare. Or we disagree on something else."
Although I must tell you many of the Democrats that I speak to because I'm friendly with all of them. I'm friendly with like Republicans. I get a long with everybody.
You know, everybody says "Oh, you won't be a unifier". I'll be the greatest unifier of all. Why is Obama a unifier?
But I will tell you many of the Democrats who voted for Obamacare would never have done it now and were lied to 28 times. Right? "You can keep your doctor, keep your plan, keep your this, everything's going to be great." Turned out to be a total lie. 28 different times that they know of and they wouldn't have done it.
But when you look at what's happening with corporations and the highest tax – we pay the highest tax anywhere in the world of any country – but they have trillions of dollars overseas. And these are great companies in many cases. They have thousands of employees. They can't get their money back.
And the reason is bureaucracy. It's very hard.
And also big reason the tax is too high. They don't want to bring $1 million back and pay $300,000 or $350,000 tax. They'd rather leave it over there.
And if they bring it back, they'll be using it to invest in our country. I mean, a lot of good things will happen.
I happen to believe it's more than $2.5 trillion.
But here's the thing and I use it because it's so incredible. Here's the thing. It's not controversial. It's not like you have the Republicans here and you have – everybody agrees. They've agreed you know that for 2.5, 3 years. They can't make a deal.
And now what's happening and this will be the next great story is companies are leaving the United States – two reasons – lower taxes but also to get their money. They've got billions of dollars overseas. They're leaving our country in order to get their money and in order to pay lower tax.
And you're talking about one company I know of – I don't know how much they've written about it – but you're talking about 6,000 jobs just one company. You're talking about potentially thousands of companies.
And I say it, in the old days, they'd leave New York. People would move down and companies would move down to Florida or they'd move to Texas or they'd leave New Jersey, where taxes are quite high, and they'd move to another location. Right? Now, they leave our country and they go to other countries. That's what's happened.
In the world of the Internet and the world of very fast jets, it's a different world out there.
And there's no loyalty. They're paid a lot of money to make a lot of money for their shareholders and some of them are actually foreign; they'd like to move back to these countries.
They bring in executives that are from Ireland, from other places. And they don't mind. They don't have loyalty to the United States.
So my plan, my tax plan, is something I'm very proud of. We're going to solve corporate inversion.
I'll tell you what, we will have that money back – if I get elected president, that money will be back so fast your head will spin. Nobody else will be able to do it. Nobody.

Honestly, nobody else even knows about it. The other candidates, most of them don't even know about it. It's not their wheelhouse. Okay? It's not their thing. It's not their thing.
Their thing is getting re-elected. That's what they're good at. They get re-elected. And they make promises and they're all talk and they're no action. And the same things happen with these politicians. It's always the same.
So we have so many different things and what I've done with our tax plan, which something I'm very proud of, we've brought it down to a few groups.
Because right now, you have to go out – people who aren't doing well go out and hire companies to help them with their tax plans. They'll pay $500, $1,000 because it's so complicated.
And we're going to make it nice and simple.
And we're getting rid of carried interest, which is something that a lot of rich hedge fund guys love. But we're getting rid of it. They don't love me so much anymore. But I don't care.
And we're getting rid of a lot of things.
So we're going to have a nice simple tax return.
Somebody said "Oh, why isn't everybody paying?"
You know, 40% – a big percentage – will not pay any tax at all. People that are doing badly.
They said – well, I won't use the candidates' name because I don't want to insult any candidate when they can't defend themselves. They said "We want everybody to pay at least something." And I said, "I agree."
Here's the problem. From the standpoint of bookkeeping, from the standpoint of bureaucracy, you're talking about millions and millions of returns. You're talking about building the IRS even bigger and it's a monster. And I could cut it down way down. And the money that you're talking about is far less than the administrative costs.
So I said, "I agree. Except for one thing from a practical standpoint, it's too much. Most of these people aren't paying anyway."
What I want to do is bring our jobs back from China, bring our jobs back from Mexico, bring fairness to our deals as an example with Japan.
I was in Los Angeles. Ships – the biggest ships you've ever seen. Cars are pouring off into this country. Made in Japan. We give them practically nothing.
The balance is so bad. The imbalance is so bad. And then we have all the strikes.
See, what our people don't know and only somebody that wrote "The Art of the Deal" or does this stuff. It's natural. It's like a great athlete. Like a Jack Nicklaus. He was always able to sink that putt. Right? You know, he's just better. And you have athletes – very few – but there are some people that have a certain ability.
A lot of people don't even know we have all the power. We have all the power in China.
You know, we owe right now China and Japan equally $1.5 – think of this – trillion. $1.5 trillion. Think of this. They take our business and in the case of Japan, mostly cars. But they take our business. They take our jobs. Factories close down all over the place. And we owe them money. Right? It's a magic act. For them not for us. For us it's a horror show.
It's going to end. It's going to end.
And people like Carl Icahn and the people like the best negotiators – I know the best negotiators in the world. Some I think are horrible people. I'll be honest with you. I don't care. Do you care if they're horrible people? Who cares?
Now, Carl happens to be actually a very nice guy but he's a brilliant negotiator and a tough cookie and he's built a fortune. He doesn't want money. He doesn't want to say, "Oh, give me $200,000 a year in government money." He wants to do it. He's proud to do it. He wants to help the country. And it's so easy for him.
For instance, if I say "Carl, do me a favor. The trade deal we have with China is so unfair we're losing $400 billion a year. Carl, do me a favor. Make it fair." I don't have to give him a big speech. I don't have to give him a big speech.
I mean, I can tell you that within a very, very short period of time, things will straighten out. I mean, things will straighten out and it's going to be our benefit.
But think of it, if we're losing that kind of money – that imbalance. It's an imbalance. Some people will say "That's not really a loss." It is a loss. If we have that kind of imbalance and suppose you brought it back to zero or even if we lost $100 billion a year, that's a lot of money. Believe me, I couldn't sleep.

If I brought it to $100 billion a year, get rid of me in four years, all right?
But suppose we brought it back to $100 billion or we brought it back to zero, do you know what that means to this country? Do you know the kind of money you're talking about? Then jobs will start coming back, lots of good things would happen. Lots of great things would happen.
And maybe our babies who have all these toys all over the place, maybe they'll have 75% and maybe they'll like them better. Maybe they'll be better. And they'll be manufactured here.
Whenever I order television sets, I ordered thousands and thousands of television sets a year for different jobs. And whenever I order them, they all come from South Korea. They make all the television – other than Sony but Sony has sort of lost its way a little bit. Sony is Japan.
But South Korea – LG, Samsung. I don't get bids from American. I'd love to. I'd love to.
George Will said there's a company in South Carolina that makes television. I said where are they? I'd like to have a good name too by the way. It's important. You know, when somebody's paying you a fortune for a hotel room, it's nice to see a good name. Right? Do we agree?
Well, it's a company in South Carolina but they don't make them there; they assemble them. They'll order parts that come in and they'll assemble them. But much different.
But I'd love it if we made them.
But you take South Korea. We defend South Korea for essentially nothing. You have the maniac over in North Korea that nobody ever talks about by the way. Now, he really has nuclear weapons and we don't talk about him.
We made the worst deal ever made with Iran. Right? The worst.
These are the people that represent – these people are incompetent. Or stupid. Somebody said, "You shouldn't say stupid. It's not nice." But it's true. They're stupid. I think. I mean, I think. Unless I don't know is there something going on that we don't know about?
Think of it. Point after point, we lost. We lost everything. We've given them $150 billion. Hard to believe. They don't have to develop – I was telling somebody they don't have to develop nuclear weapon; they can buy it.
What the hell why should they develop it? They can buy it. And now all of a sudden they're going into Syria. They got so much money. They're a terrorist state. They're going into all of these different places. We're fighting them in Yemen and yet we're making a deal with them.
So why don't you say "Hey, Yemen out"? Our prisoners – I want them back. I want them back. I don't want them over there. I want them back.
And all we have to do, very simple, is if you have the right messenger. I'm the right messenger. You know, I've gotten to a point where I have to be braggadocious. It's terrible. Right? Because I can't be so nice and say "We can all do a wonderful job". People can't do those kind of stuff.
For instance, the wall. I said, I guarantee you that we're going to build a wall. It's going to be a real wall. We're going to have people come through and they're going to come through legally. Or they're going to come through with visas, which is a safe way, if we need it.
And we want people to come through. I want people to come through. I don't want to say no.
But we have at least 11 million – you know, the scary thing is nobody has any idea how many. You know, we've been hearing that number for years. You know, like 11 million. We have no idea. I spoke to one of the top people. They have no idea. Might be 5 million. Might also be 32 million. Could be 50 [million]…
But we have to get them out. We have to – look, it's harsh.
Dwight Eisenhower – we all like Dwight. Right? Remember the expression. Right?
I go remember he got elected – "I like Ike". How could he be bad? All right? And I think he was a nicer general than MacArthur and Patton. And I like Ike as a president but I love Patton and I love General MacArthur. I love them. And we're going to find ourselves a Patton and we're going to find ourselves because we have a lot of smart guys in our military and women. We're going to find ourselves a Patton…But we're going to find a Patton and we're going to find a MacArthur. And I'm really good at that. We're going to find great people.
And I've told this story where I watched these generals go on television – they shouldn't be on television. They shouldn't be talking. You know? They shouldn't be talking. They should be doing.

And they asked a certain general, I'm not going to insult him. It was like a month and a half ago. On a show. A talk show. I said here's general so and so, one of the top, top, top people. I said what's he doing on television? And he's saying "Well, ISIS is very tough. You know, they spread out."
By the way, they took the oil that I said take. Remember I said "Take the oil"? Always take the oil! They're being funded by the oil that I said take.
I don't want their damned oil. But you know what? It turned out to be another benefit of having it. Take the oil. And we didn't do it.
We shouldn't have been in Iraq in the first place. And I said that in 2003. Shouldn't have been there.
We totally destabilized the Middle East. We totally blew it.
But we were there. Then Obama announces because he's so predictable "We are leaving on a certain date in a year."
Right? I couldn't believe. I was sitting there thinking "Did he really say that?"
He said "We will have all troops out by a certain date." Right? Did he say that?
I said "No, no, tell me please."
…Oh, you know what another one I got high marks on from every poll? Military. They think I'll be the best in the military because they say I – you know, I always say I'll be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. I will. But everybody knows that, especially God. Everybody knows that.
But you know what I'll be? I'll be the great at the military. I'll be so good. And I'll know when – and I'll build our military so strong, so tough, so incredible, nobody's going to mess around. We're never going to have to use it. We're never going to have to use it.
And I'm going to take care of our vets. Believe me, they're our greatest people and our vets are not being treated as well as illegal immigrants. I'm going to take care of our vets.
So go back. So the world is unpredictable.
I made a business deal a year ago. And the guy – oh, I beat him so badly. Aye, it was so beautiful. It was a beautiful thing. It was like a picture. For me, it was like a picture. That's my own problem. I guess. But to me it's like a painting when you could do something like that.
So I made this deal and it was great. And they called. They did a story on me recently and it was a nice story. And I said, I hope they don't call this guy. They ended up calling this guy "What do you think about Trump?" And he said but in a respectful way, he said "He won because he was so damn unpredictable. We don't know what the hell he was going to do." That's a positive. That's a positive.
I mean, if you're a poker player and you're predictable, you're not going home with much money. Okay?
But it was really – I said, "That's not nice what he said." First, I said "That's not nice. I'm unpredictable." Then I said, "Wait a minute. He meant that as a compliment." And I called him. I said, "What did you mean by that?" He said "I think that's the greatest compliment I can pay. We could not figure you out. You came at us from 15 different angles."
So with Obama, when he announces that we're leaving Iraq on a certain date, we shouldn't have been there but once you announced the bad guys – you know how they say the surge worked? You know why the surge worked? You know why? Because the bad guys all moved back. They said, "Hey, what do we have to get killed for?" I mean, these people don't mind being killed, can you believe it? But they said "If we don't have to, let's not." So they moved back.
And they said, "Hey, they're leaving in -" What was the date? Do you remember the date? Specific date to the day. "We will have all troops out. I'm a great president."
So the bad guys, meaning the opponents, whatever you want to call them, they just said, "Oh, you're leaving in a year. Going to have all the troops out. Let's go back. Why do we have to be shot at for the next year? And what do we have to do because if we do well maybe he'll change his mind and stay. So let's let him think he has this great victory with the surge." Right? "The surge worked!"
What happened was that everybody pulled back. They said, "Let's wait."
Now we leave because of a lack of leadership. We leave and boom it comes apart. That's what happened. That was the surge.
Everybody talk so much – "Oh, the surge was so great." The surge was great because everybody knew – they knew what was happening. They knew it was going to happen. They knew we were leaving even through Bush.
I mean, honestly, they knew we were leaving. They were fed up. So they pulled back and they said, "Let's get them out." Everybody wanted to leave.
Now, I would have done it differently. Even if I wanted to leave and I might or I might not. I won't even say.

People say, "Mr. Trump, what's your attitude on ISIS? When will you attack them? Where?
I say "You know, I don't want to talk – I have a real chance of winning. I don't want to tell you what my attitude. I want them to guess. I don't really want to tell you."
I mean, the one bad thing about our system, we have a system that got flaws. Let's face it. Hey, look at our leadership, it's got flaws.
But you know the one bad thing? When I gave that answer, they say – although some people – I see it here – some people say "We love that. We love that." But when I give that answer, some people say "Oh, Trump doesn't know. He doesn't know. He didn't give an answer as to exactly what he's going to do. Exactly what he's going to do."
And I know exactly what I'm going to do and eventually after I was asked the question by 10 different reporters, all of whom are here tonight by the way, I said, "You know, here's the problem. If I don't give the answer, I'm not going to win because they write so incredibly negatively. So if I don't give the answer, I'm not going to win." They're going to say "Trump wouldn't give us the answer."
They don't know it's unpredictability. They don't know it's strategy.
And I said for a period of time like a month, I said "I don't want to tell you because I actually have a chance because from the time I announced, I've been on the top of the polls, almost at the top. You know, we're doing well."
Iowa, will you get your numbers up please? Would you get these numbers up? I promise you I would do such a good job.
First of all, I am a great Christian and I am. I am. Remember that.
And I do well with the evangelicals. But the evangelicals left me down a little bit just last month. I don't know what I did.
But I am a great Christian. I'm a believer and I believe in the Bible. And I even brought my Bible a month ago to a group signed by my mother, Mary, and with the address and the date – I won't tell you what date it was because possibly you'd think I'm younger than that. But she didn't want anybody taking my Bible because that was very important to her.
So cute. She has the address, has the date. But I said to myself, "You know – "
By the way, before I forget, will you get the numbers up Iowa please? This is ridiculous. I mean, what is my competition? In all fairness, in all fairness, what is my competition?
Do you think these guys – I'm not going to say Carson – I'm not going to say Rubio, who really is way down – I mean, I am second. It's not like it's terrible. But I don't like being second. Second is terrible to me.
But do you think that Ben is going to go to China? These guys are fierce. Like they'd come into your office. I've made many deals with China. I've had great victories in terms of deals with China. They come into your office. There's no "Hello. How are you? It's a wonderful day." They come in – "We want deal." There's no games. I do this for a living. I'm really good at it, folks. Really good.
And you know, when you talk about energy, I'll tell you one thing, everybody agrees – oh, do I have energy. Oh. I toss and turn thinking about how I'm going to make the best deal for you folks. I'll be tossing and turning. I will be tossing and turning. You're going to have so many deals that is so good for you. We're going to have numbers are going to be so good.
I always joke you may get tired of them but then I always take that back because nobody gets tired of winning.
We don't win anymore. You know, think about it. Do we win at all? Ever?
We lose with the military. ISIS beats us. Everybody.
We lose with trade.
When are we going to come back and say, "We beat China" on a deal? When are we going to come back, "We beat Japan"?
Do you know that everybody said "Oh, Japan. They have so power over us. They have so much power because we owe them $1.5 trillion and they send all those cars."
They have no power. If we ever say, "Listen, if you're not going to treat us fairly, we don't want your cars anymore", they'd go out of business, folks, they're gone.
Same thing with China. China is not even doing that well. But they just lowered, they just devalued their currency. The biggest in two decades. And the reason they did it, they could never thought but we have so many other problems that they felt, "Oh wow, we can get away with this and it's going to make it impossible."
Did you see the results yesterday of Caterpillar Tractor? Horrible. Because they're not getting stuff out because everybody – Japan and China in particular – is devaluing their currency. That's their number one weapon. And the stupid trade deal that we're making doesn't even cover it. That's their number one weapon and the trade that we're making doesn't cover it.

So I only say this and you know what? People might say "It's terrible. He's a terrible person, a terrible human being. But I'm going to vote for him anyways." Okay, that's fine. I'm actually a nice person.
I always say this – nobody can do this stuff better than me. And I know all the guys I'm running against. They're wonderful people. Some of them I really like. But who cares?
I was talking to one of the candidates the other day. I was talking about corporate inversions and they didn't even know what the hell I was talking. They had no idea. It's not their thing.
And unless we stop all of the things that are going with other countries and unless we make great trade deals, we're being eaten alive.
That's why when you look at the phony numbers, we have 100 million people in our workforce that aren't working. Our real unemployment rate is probably 30%. It's not 5.3%. That was done for politicians so they'd look good. It's not 5.3%. How can you have 5.3% when you have 100 million people?
You look for a job. If you're a young guy, that handsome young guy with the red hair, right there…but if he comes out and he goes into the workforce and he looks for a job and he goes through college and does well and then he can't get a job and when he gives up because at some point after months you give up, they essentially consider you employed. It's the most ridiculous thing.
We have a tremendous – tens of millions of people in that position. They can't find jobs. They're good people. They want to work. They can't. But it's not reflected in the real numbers because the politicians want to look good.
So let me just before we talk some questions, I'm going to talk about something I've never really talked about it onstage but we should talk about it. It's called Super PACs.
It's one of the great scams of all time. It's one of the great scams.
So we sent out – I think I had – and it's not me. People set them up. And I don't know. Maybe they're setting up for my benefit.
Let's take me. A guy sees me, likes me, sets up a Super PAC. I don't talk to him. I don't do anything.
I think we had either 9 or 5 or 11. We don't even know. They're all over the place. Trump, Trump – one of them called The Art of the Deal PAC after the book.
They have all these PACs. And the money comes in. And what do they do with the money? I don't know.
And we aren't supposed to call them or anything. Okay.
So, we wrote a letter – a legal letter – to I think either 9 or 11 last week saying we don't want their money, send it back because again, what do they do with it? If some guy that's having a hard time all of a sudden has $2 million sitting in a Super PAC, do you think he's going to take ads for Trump? Maybe and maybe not.
So we sent them a – it's a scam, Super PACs, a scam. It's a disgrace that we have. A disgrace.
And I'll tell you I read a number with, as an example, with Ben. Ben is paying 70 to almost 80 cents on the dollar to raise money. So when you read he has all this money, he's paying a lot of money and that's not reflected yet. So when you hear they raised $20 million, they're paying – now think of it, who pays – the number I actually heard was 79 but you know these guys will check them so I'm telling you it may be off but you all know it's a lot.
I think they said, 79 cents on the dollar. Think of it. To raise the money, they take 79 cents before they get to use the money for what it was supposed to be. Somebody is making a fortune.
I know in Romney's campaign, a couple of guys walked away with millions and millions of dollars. Millions. They became rich raising money. It's better than being a real estate broker.
For the people and real estate brokers, they take these massive percentages of the money they raise. It's a scam. It's a scam.
Now, in Ben's case, his Super PAC is running Iowa. And let me tell you, the people that are running that Super PAC, even if it comes in small donations, those are the real bosses. Those are the bosses.
In the case of Jeb Bush, you're not supposed to deal with these Super PACs. Okay? So, it was in the Wall Street Journal the other day. He has a Super PAC fundraiser or something in a hotel and right next to it, he had his campaign ballroom. Did you read that? Two ballrooms. One here, one here, right next to each other by coincidence, of course. They're not supposed to be coordination. They're not supposed to be talking. They're right next to each other. And that's nothing compared to what some are doing.
It's a scam and it should be stopped. And it's unfair to somebody like me that is spending my own money.

And what happened and I haven't talked about this before but I'm seeing what's going on. It's horrible what's going on. What happened is the last time they had the Super PACs, I actually think there was sort of a wall. You know, they called it the wall.
And this is a wall too. Won't be as good as the one I'm going to build but it's a wall.
But it was a wall and they didn't deal.
I mean, even though like Bush has a friend of his running his Super PAC, I'm sure they never talk. I'm sure. What do you think the chances are that they talk? 100% or 99%? 100%. I'd say 100%. I'd say 100%. Only a foolish person would say 99%. But whatever.
They're not supposed to. But they put a friend in there. They put other people in there. They put whoever. And that's the way it works.
And in some cases, I hear in Ben's case, I hear in other cases, they're literally running.
I mean, had Walker done this in all fairness because he had money in the Super PAC but he had no money in his campaign and he was unable to figure out this is what they're all doing. That's why he's out of the race because he couldn't figure it out.
The whole thing with Super PACs is a horrible, horrible scam. So I sent letters last week to as many as we could find. They're all over the place. We want you to close the Super PAC. We want nothing to do with it. We don't want to get advertisements. We don't want any of the money. Go home and ideally give the money back. They don't even have to give the money back from what I understand. They can keep it. They'll probably if they actually raised money for me, they'll say "What a horrible thing he just said. I think we're going to support somebody else." They could do that.
But the Super PACs have total control over the people running for office. Total. Nothing over me. Nothing.
I feel it's very unfair. I feel it's a very unfair situation.
Now, if they want, they could have full disclosure and everything…But what are they doing with this whole thing?
And I think it makes dishonest people out of people that might be honest.
But the Super PACs are controlling your candidates – some more than others. Some are unbelievable.
And what the press should really do is take a look at how much money is left. When you read that Ben raised $1, how much is left after he pays all of the consultants and all of these people, how much is left to spend in the campaign. You'll be amazed. I mean, it's so little.
Bush, it's the same thing.
And I'll go over – there are other names. I know every one of them. But it's a horrible thing that's taking place.
And again, last cycle, at least they went through the motions. Now, they're not even going through the motions. They're not even going through.
And just remember when I have to negotiate with companies to keep them in this country so they build jobs here and they build their plants here and their factories here and they do all of the things here, when I have to do that, you know, John Deere, I paid them tens of millions of dollars. You can even check. I said to John Deere, "I want an endorsement." I don't know if they'll give me an endorsement. I'll tell you if they don't they're not so smart. I guarantee no other person gave John Deere – I mean, I bought probably more than $10 million worth of John Deere equipments. I love it. You know why? Iowa. Iowa. I love it. I love it.
When we can. By the way, it's a great company. It's a great company. But I buy a lot of stuff from John Deere because I have a lot of big developments that really require John Deere type equipment. I don't have to buy it from them. I could buy it from others. But I want to steer it to them when I can.
But we have to do something to clean up this political mess because it's crooked stuff. It's crooked stuff. And it's got to stop.
And it's very unfair to people who go out and do it the way you're supposed to do it, including me. I think I'm the only one that's self-funding. I'm the only one putting up my own money, other than – I know it's precious – people write in to DonaldJTrump.com or whatever and they send me checks like $20. I keep saying the woman for $7.50, $50, $100. I don't want their money. But if you send it back it's totally insulting.
I mean, they always write letters too. They write these beautiful letters – "Mr. Trump, I can't afford much and I know you don't need it but I'm sending $50 because that's so important what you're saying about the country." It's beautiful.
I mean, I've seen such beautiful letters. And if I send it back, there's no letter I can write that's not going to be insulting to those people, really. "Dear Mr. So and So or Mrs. So and So, I don't need your money and thanks a lot but we're going to do it ourselves." If I got that back, I'd say "Who the hell does he think he is?"

So we take that and it's something that I think is important.
So I always preface it by saying I don't consider that funding but I'm self-funding my campaign and I'm getting ready to put up millions, millions.
And something I'm very proud of that I think it's great and it's you know really great, it hasn't gotten very much publicity, hasn't gotten much publicity, but I have spent less money than any other candidate. Okay? By far. I think. I don't know, probably a couple of guys that have nothing so they just go around…But I was told that I spend less. And I have the best results because in most polls I'm number one.
Now, until Iowa came along, I said "every poll", and then Iowa – what the hell are you people doing to me? You know? You know?
I'm telling you. They said, "Why don't you skip Iowa?" They told me that. Everybody said "Skip Iowa". All of the political geniuses.
A man just interviewed me back there, great reporter. He's actually a great reporter. Of course, if he writes a bad story, I won't say that. But he is. He's a great reporter.
And he said, "Would you ever think of maybe skipping Iowa going right to New Hampshire? And then you'd go to South Carolina" where I'm leading by massive – yeah, you've got to see the rallies there. They're incredible.
"But you'd go to New Hampshire. You'd go to South Carolina. You go to Nevada. You go to the SCC."
I said I can't do that because I have such an unbelievable relationship with the people from Iowa that I think we're going to win. I really do. I believe it. I believe it.
And I don't want to skip Iowa. I think we're going to do well. I think we're going to do great with evangelicals. I think a lot of things are going to come out over the next period of time that are not going to be so good for our opponents, honestly, and I think I'm going to do great with the evangelicals because I am the real deal. I will tell you that. I'm the real deal.
So I told these political pros, you know, I hate to say it but the last long number of elections on the Republican circuit, the person that won Iowa did not get the nomination. Okay? I want to take away some of your muster. You understand that.
So could we do – and please do me a favor? Let me win Iowa. And then I'm going to win, I'm telling you we're going to win New Hampshire, and we're going to win South Carolina.
A great poll just came out on North Carolina just a little while. A PPP poll. It was great. Some of you saw that. But great poll.
But we're going to go on and we're going to win. We're going to win.
And actually, one of the pundits – because you have some smart pundits and some very, very dumb pundits. A lot of pundits said "He'll never run. He's not going to run." They're still trying to recover.
But one of the very smart one says "If Trump wins Iowa, it's over." It's interesting because it will go right through because everywhere else is so great.
And I thought it was good here. Come on. Okay, so that's the end of that.
But I want to tell you, will you – I refuse to say "Get your asses in gear." I will not say that. I will not say it. I will not say it because I don't want to use anything that's even a little bit off.
So will you please do me a favor and work with my people and go out on Feb. 1stand vote and give us a victory?
And if I win Iowa, we're going to run the whole table and we are going to make such great deals and we're going to have such a great military and we're going to take care of our health care without that crazy Obamacare that's a nightmare.
So, I'm sticking with you people. I'm going to spend money here. I have a great team over here. And I will tell you I'm going to spend a lot of time here and I really want to win Iowa and I think we should and it's so important. And you know, it's about time that Iowa could have a victory and let that person go onto a total victory. Okay? Not like over the last – right?
So, I love you all. I mean, we're having fun. But I love you all. But I do mean it. I'm going to stay here. We're going to work really hard.
When I heard the poll today, they said "What are you going to do?" I said, "I'm going to work harder in Iowa." I'm not leaving Iowa. I'm not leaving Iowa.
Now, if I lose Iowa, I will never speak to you people again. That I can tell you.
Okay, let's do a couple of questions. Right? Come on.

…You know, we have now and the numbers they just came out we have 50 million people in poverty in this country.
Now, you look like you're doing pretty well in all fairness. But still, we have 50 million. We have 46 million people and they're getting food stamps. 46 million. Think of it. You know, we talk about how well we're doing.
So we have 50 million – almost 50 million each between poverty, food stamps, and it's got to end.
One of the problems – we don't have enough jobs in this country. It's very simple. You know, it's so simple when you think about it.
Our jobs have been taken away.
And I'll tell you what else, middle income folks – their salaries haven't gone up in 12 years. People are making less wages now than they were 12 years ago. And other things have gone up. So they're really doing much worse than they were doing 12 years ago.
But that's an amazing stat.
But people – one of the reasons they say I'm doing so well because I let people know we're going to bring jobs back. We're going to bring industry and plants. We're going to bring it all back and nobody else can say that. We're going to bring it back because a lot of the folks in this room are doing worse than they were 12 years ago and they're working.
Then the other thing, you have a lot of part-time jobs. I have some people that I know very well and they've had a job for 20 years at the same place. All of a sudden they're working part-time because of Obamacare because from an accounting standpoint, it just works better. They love the owners, the stores and things. They love the owners; they think the owners are great. But the owners are forced to make part-time jobs; they have part-time jobs. They work all their life. They have a wonderful company that they're working for, and now all of a sudden they're cut into part-time jobs because of Obamacare because of the rulings of Obamacare. And you all know what I'm talking about.
So they end up being part-time workers and they don't want to be part-time workers. They don't even like the psychology of being called a part-time worker. And we're not going to have that stuff anymore. We're not going to have it any more.
We're going to have real jobs and the numbers are going to go up. Believe me. The numbers are right now worse than 12 years ago and that's a shame

…Tell you what, as President, I can guarantee it. As Trump, I can say I'll probably be able to pull it off anyway because they know it won't stop. It'll be easier to take Todd and just say, "Look, we're going to work with you, Todd. Okay?" So will you get me that number and everything and we'll make sure that everything get – and somebody else – who else over here? You have problems with the VA also, huh? Terrible?
I hear only – I just hear terrible. And we're going to solve that problem. You know, it can be solved.
The waits now for the VA are longer than they've ever been…The waits now are worse than they've ever been. Thousands of people dying waiting for a doctor. Okay, dying.
And you find the same thing, you say. You have to use your own because they won't do anything.
So we're going to take care of our vets and we're going to take care of the VA and it's going to be one of the things we're going to be releasing pretty soon.
But one of the things we're going to do with the VA, we have a lot of hospitals that aren't doing any business. We have a lot of private doctors that could do more business.
We're losing a lot of our doctors because of Obamacare. They're retiring. They're leaving.
One of them – a friend of mine – said "I have more nurses working for me now more than before but I have more accountants" and the end result is a disaster; he's getting out of the business. He's got nurses but he's got more accountants than he has nurses because the paperwork is so crazy.
So one of the things we're going to do is if Todd or if you or if somebody has problems because of the wait – because the waits are unbelievable – 5, 6, 7 days sometimes. They're going to a private doctor. They're going to go to a private hospital. Or a public hospital that's in the area. And we're going to pay for that and it's going to cost less money – it's going to cost less money than the system we have now – and you're going to end up getting much better care. It's going to cost less and you're going to get better care…

So the Keystone Pipeline, first of all, I'd approve it because it's thousands of jobs. Okay? I would approve it so fast, so fast.
And Hillary should have approved it.
You know, Hillary wanted to approve it but she's been dragged so far left, that's she's – forget it. It's a disaster.
So I would approve it.
But with that being said, I may want to make a better deal because you know what? We're bringing oil from Canada. Right? I may say, I want 10%. We're going to approve it but I want 10%, 15%.
Because the truth is that the Keystone Pipeline was better a while ago than it is now because we have so much because of new technology, we have so much energy underneath our own feet with the fracking and all of the other things that have emerged over the last five years, we have so much energy. And it's great stuff.
We have really great quality, higher than Canada. You know, they have the tar sands, which is a problem for them. Very expensive to get it out.
We have great stuff. So I would approve it because I love the jobs of building it. I love the jobs of building it.
But I may just say, maybe we should get 10%, 15%, maybe 20% as that oil flows through our land. You know, maybe we should do that.
So I'm going to look into that. But when I approve it – I'll tell you what, when I approve it, it'll be a great deal for the United States. It won't be like – because right now, what we're doing is we're approving it, we're not really getting anything. They're putting it underground, and that's actually good environmentally. Better than having trucks going down the road and everything else. That's good environmentally. But we're not getting – we're not getting – anything much for it.
When I get finished with the Keystone, they'll be happy and we'll be happy. Okay?

Well, I'll tell you in all fairness, Ben Carson said yesterday or the other day that he wants to abolish Medicare. Okay? And you know what a disaster that is. Now, I'm sure at some point, he'll take it back. But he said he wants to abolish Medicare and one thing, people do like their Medicare; they do like it.
And you are bringing up a point that I've heard before. We're going to look at a lot of different things.
But we're going to save Social Security, we're going to save Medicare and that's the way it is. Okay? We're not abolishing like other people.
 
Okay, it's a lot of people but you know what? It's costing us $200 billion a year immigration in this country right now.
And Dwight Eisenhower is going to say he moved 1.5 million in the 1950s, early 1950s, moved them out.
We have tremendous illegal immigration problems. Dwight Eisenhower, nice guy, he moved 1.5 million people out of the United States. And you know what happened? He moved them right across the border and they came back and they moved them again and they came back. They moved them a third time, they came right back.
And then you know they were tougher in those days. They moved them all the way south – all the way south – and they didn't come back.
Now, we have to do it. We have no choice. We either have a country or we don't.
And I want them to come back. But I want them to come back with papers. I want them to come back legally. I want them to come back. The good ones. The good ones. But only the good ones.
We got some bad ones. Remember the heat I took with illegal immigration? Remember that heat? For two weeks. Rush Limbaugh said "He has received more incoming than any human being I've ever seen." And then he double-downed…
You know what? I took a lot of heat and then you had Kate in San Francisco, killed, shot in the back and so many others. And people started looking.
And let me tell you, we have some wonderful people over here and they're here illegally but they're wonderful people. Okay? And we'll try to get them back real soon and we'll do it through a legal process.
But we also have some really bad gang members. You know, some of the gangs in LA. They're made up of illegal immigrants.
And we have unbelievable police forces that don't get the respect that they should get. They don't get it. I mean, what they go through, it's unbelievable. They're afraid to talk to anybody. They don't want to lose their jobs. They don't want to lose their pensions. They can't talk.
Now, let me just tell you something. You can always have bad apples. In this room, we have a couple of bad apples. Okay? I don't know who they are or where they are but you do. Probably mostly back there in the press.
But the police do an unbelievable job. And they know the gangs. You go to LA the LA cops. You got Chicago, the Chicago cops. These people are amazing people if they would be allowed to do their jobs. But they're not allowed to do their jobs.
And we're going to get the bad ones out of here so fast and they're not coming back and I don't want to put them in our jails because I don't want to subsidize these various countries where they come from for the next 45 years. I don't want them in our jails. We have hundreds of thousands right now in our jails. I don't want them in our jails.
I heard a couple of these candidates saying, "Well, they're – " They're such babies.
But you know what? They're talking about putting them in jail. Well, I don't want them. Our jails are over-brimming. I want to use our jails for people that are supposed to be there. Okay? And I don't want to put these really bad dudes – I mean, they are bad – I don't want to have to pay for them for the next 45 years. Okay?
And we're going to deal very humanely with the good people and they are mostly good people. But we've got some real bad ones and they're out of here. Your head will spin probably.
Somebody said the other day, "What's the first thing you're going to do?" Well, we're going to work immediately on repealing Obamacare.
You know, the one good thing about executive orders? The one good thing? You know, Obama signed an executive order where everybody just come in. Come in.
We have great border patrol people. I got to know them a couple of months ago when I went down to Texas to the border. They're great people. They're not allowed to do their job. They stand there and watch people walk right in front of them smiling at them. They want to do their job; they're not allowed to.
So the executive order that President Obama signed, the one good thing about an executive order, in the first minute in office, I will counter-sign and revoke those executive orders. They'll be revoked. The only good thing.
It's actually the only good thing about an executive order is that a new president can just do a signature and that's the end of that.
So we're going to clean up our border. We're going to make it fantastic. We're going to be proud to be a country again and a lot of good things are going to happen.

We will support Israel 1,000%.
Israel feels so left alone and I know BiBi and a lot of my friends are from Israel and they feel so left out.
And so many people say, you know, I have so many Jewish friends where they say why did I support Obama? I think he's the worst thing that's ever happened to Israel. And we will support Israel beyond anything they ever have before. Okay?
That's an easy one. That's the easiest question of the night!

…The wall is a big factor. 60%, 70%. The drugs are a great question.
We are going to stop drugs.
Look, I told you before – Mexico – $45 to $50 billion. That's not including the drugs. The drugs that are coming across the border are beyond belief.
Did you see the picture last week where they had a little wall this big and they built a ramp for trucks to go over it with trucks? Did you see the picture? They think we're playing games.
And Mexico is not helping us. Mexico is not helping.
Do you know if you want to become a citizen of Mexico – I love the Mexican people. I have many Mexican people and Hispanics working for me. In Nevada, I'm number one. I'm rated number one in the polls with the Hispanics. Everyone's shocked.
Because the Hispanics that are here legally, those people they want me, they know I'm going to bring jobs and everything else. They don't want people pouring in.
But I will tell you Mexico has got to help us.
You know, if you want to become a citizen of Mexico…do you know it's one of the hardest countries in the world to become a citizen of? And yet, people pour right through into us, into us. They call us the dumb Americans. That's what they call us because of our leaders. They call us the dumb Americans.
If you want to become a citizen of Mexico, you could take the best person in this room, the most qualified, you're not going to do it. They don't do that.
And if you're there illegally and if you overstay your bound? You're not going to be there illegally. But if you have a pass for two weeks and you overstay your bound, they have cops waiting for you. They have police that say, "You know you have one day left." I hear it's unbelievable. I'm impressed actually. Because to a certain extent, that's the way it's supposed to be.
But if you want to become a citizen of Mexico, it's impossible. They don't have anchor babies in Mexico. You're born a baby in Mexico, it's like bye-bye.
Here, you're born over here, "Oh, congratulations we're taking care of the baby for 85 years." Not going to happen. It's not going to happen. No, it's not going to happen.
By the way, this is important, I sort of lucked into this one. The 14th Amendment. It says right there – you know, everybody says you have to go through a whole process, it'll take many years, you have to go through every state. You have to do another amendment. It's wrong. 14th Amendment covers it.
And some of the best legal minds in the world say "Trump is right." I said, "What? I am? I didn't know." I lucked into it. Every once in a while you luck.
The fact is somebody comes in illegally and they have a baby, we're not responsible. Now, we may have a court case but we're going to win it. And a simple act of Congress gets rid of it. And a lot of people didn't know that. Okay?
And the reason I said it can be possible because nobody could be foolish enough to allow a thing like that. How could it be possible? And we're one of the only countries where that takes place.
And honestly, I use Mexico as an example because they're so tough. If that happens in Mexico, they don't even know what you're talking about. What are you talking about? But with us? No good. Not going to happen anymore.

Well, you know, the amazing thing is that the politicians in this country live by a whole different standard when it comes to health care, when it comes to everything they have including what you just said about Social Security.
Our politicians live by a different standard and I think that shouldn't happen. And some of them tried to do it.
You know the story in Obamacare, they don't have to take it. They live by a different standard. And that's not going to happen. Everybody's going to live by the same standard. They're going to have the same standard as the poorest person in this room. That's the way it's going to be.
 
It's a good question. But do you know if I answer that question, we'd have a big, big story. You know that, right?
You know, I'll tell you, it is a question that's asked a lot.
I know a lot of good people. A couple of people on the stage that I really respect, I've gotten to respect.
But the truth is too early. I like to get things done first. We've got to close the deal. I don't want to think about it.
There are a lot of good people. There are a lot of good people. We've got to close the deal. We've got to get it done. And to get it done, I want Iowa.
So good luck everybody. Thank you very much. I love you. I love you. Thank you. And we'll be back. Thank you.

So, we're going to be discussing something so important for our country, for our economy, and for getting us all working again and working well again.
It's a tax reform that I think will make America strong and great again.
Too few Americans are working. Too many jobs are being shipped overseas. And too many middle income families cannot make ends meet.
This plan directly meets these challenges and the challenges also of business.
It will provide major tax relief for middle income and for most other Americans. There will be a major tax reduction.
It will simplify the tax code. It will grow the American economy at a level it hasn't seen for decades.
And all of this does not add to our debt or our deficit.
But I will also be discussing some of that at the end because we have to make much better deals, we have to negotiate much harder, and we've got to make our economy strong.
Changes for individuals will be at levels that you haven't seen in a long time.
We're going to cut the individual rates from 7 brackets to 4. Simplification. 25%, 20%, 10%, and 0%.
If you're single and earn less than $25,000 per year or married and jointly earn less than $50,000 – so, very important. If you're single and earn less than $25,000 or married and jointly earn less than $50,000, you'll not pay any income tax – nothing.
This eliminates very strongly and quickly the marriage penalty. Very unfair penalty.
It eliminates the AMT, which is the alternative minimum tax.
It ends the death tax. It's a double taxation. A lot of families go through hell over the death tax.
It reduces or eliminates most of the deductions and loopholes available to special interests or to the very rich – in other words, it's going to cost me a fortune, which is actually true – while preserving charitable giving and mortagage interest deductions. Very importantly.
It ends the current tax treatment of carried interest. Those are the hedge fund folks that I've been talking about for quite a while. They make a lot of money. Carried interest.
So it ends the current tax treatment of carried interest through speculative partnerships that do not grow businesses or create jobs and are not risking their own capital.
Changes for business – now, so important, because it's all about business. It's all about jobs.
We have 93 million people in this country that are in serious trouble, that want to work; they can't work.
So for business, no business of any size from a Fortune 500 company to a mom and pop shop to a freelancer living from gig to gig will pay more than 15% of their business income in taxes. Big reduction.
A one-time deemed repatriation of corporate cash held overseas at significantly discount which coming back at a significantly discount – 10%. So it comes back discounted at a 10% tax rate and ends the deferral of taxes on corporate income earned abroad.
Now, it's called corporate inversion. It's a huge subject.
I've been watching politicians now for years – all talk, no action politicians. I've been watching them for years talking about bringing this money back.

The number is probably $2.5 trillion.
Everybody agrees it should come back – Republicans, Democrats, everybody.
They can't make a deal. They don't know how to go about making a deal.
The reason companies aren't bringing it back is the tax is onerous. It doesn't make sense to bring it back.
And in fact, many companies are leaving the United States. They're leaving our shores to go and collect their money.
They're going actually moving out of the United States for two reasons – the taxes are too high and because they have tremendous amounts of money that they can't bring back into this country when everybody wants them to bring it back in.
It's called leadership.
We will have that money brought back in.
As an example, I have millions of dollars overseas. I can't bring it back into this country. We filed papers. We've been doing this for a year and a half. We can't get it back in.
So the money stays in other countries and that's what happens. Not good for us.
The level of leadership that we need to get things like this done is so important. But this is something – and I've been watching it for a long time – everybody agrees to.
We also reduce or eliminate some business loopholes – many of them actually – and deductions made unnecessary or redundant by the new lower tax rate on business income.
The tax rate now is so low that a lot of these deductions which are complicated, which don't make sense, and which are unfair are gone.
And we phase in a reasonable cap on the deductability of the business interest expense.
So we are going to give you – we have a very complex set of papers that actually if you know business is not so complex. And we're going to hand them out right now to the press.
And I think you'll see we have an amazing code. It will be simple. It will be easy. It will be fair.
It's graduated. As you get up in income, you pay a little more.
Some of the very unfair deductions that certain people have been given who make a lot of money will not be available any longer.
But I actually believe they'll do better because I think the economy will grow. It will grow rapidly. And we'll have something very special.
Now, with all of that being said and before we take some questions, we have to cut the costs of what's going on in this country.
If you look at what we're doing and the money we're spending. I read where a washer – you know what a washer is? Nuts, bolts, and washer – to send from one state to another, it was a 19 set washer and it cost $900,000 and some odd dollars to send it from here to there.
And there are many examples. Hammers that cost $800 that you can buy in the store for a tiny amount of money.
We will run this country properly. There is so much money to be saved.
We're reducing taxes but at the same time if I win, if I become President, we will be able to cut so much money and have a better country.
We won't be losing anything other than we'll be balancing budgets and getting them where they should be.
So, this is a plan that's simple, that's a major reduction. I think people are going to be very happy. We've already had some very good reviews.
I did the plan with some of the leading scholars and economists and tax experts that there are in this country. They love it; they say "Why hasn't this been done before?"
And this is my wheelhouse. That's what I do well.
The economy is what I do well. Whenever they do polls, I always come out way above everybody else on the economy and on leadership, by the way, but I won't say that.
So, if anybody has – [applause] – thank you. That's amazing. That's some of the press was actually clapping. I've never saw – I don't think I've ever seen that before.
All right. Why don't we take some questions from the press?



No, I'm not going to do that yet but we have their approval. But we have some of the top people in the country worked on this.

Well, we're looking at a 3% but we think it can be 5%, it could even be 6%. We're going to have growth that will be tremendous.
And by the way, if we have more than 3%, these numbers are really spectacular.
And one of the things that they don't take into account in any big league fashion is the cutting. There is so much waste in government and I believe when I get in there I'll be able to cut without losing anything to cut tremendous amounts off of the – and we're not even showing anything for that.
So, they're very conservative numbers.

My taxes will – first of all, I'll have a much simpler tax statement. It will be much simpler.
When I do my return, it will be much – my return go up to the ceiling and beyond, which is ridiculous. And you spend millions of dollars at a high level on lawyers, accountants, and everything else.
We want to simplify them to a tremendous level.
The bracket of 25% – the big difference is many of the loopholes and many of the deductions which are all – they've been there for years – are antiquated in many cases.
Or are put there because a lot of the people that get these deductions are contributed to Hillary, they're contributing to Bush. They're contributing to every candidate but Trump. Because I'm not taking any money. I'm self-funding. And these people want these deductions.
There will be people – we're reducing taxes. But believe me, there will be people in the very upper eschelons that won't be thrilled with this.
We're taking away deductions and that's one of the reasons we're able to lower it.

This is actually a tax reduction. A big tax reduction, including for the upper income.
I believe that the economy will do so well that even though they won't be getting certain deductions which aren't fair for them to be getting that they'll end up doing better.

I just think this is a common sense approach. You know, we could say supply side. You could say there's 15 different names given out for different kinds of deductions or increases. I don't think it's supply side or anything else.
I think this is a common sense, well thought out tax proposal that's going to trigger the economy, going to make everybody go back and really want to work.
It's going to create tremendous numbers of jobs.
One of the other things that I'm coupling this with is if I become President, I'm going to renegotiate our trade deals. Because our trade deals are not sustainable by this country. Not sustainable.
We cannot continue to let our jobs go to all of the different countries. There's not a country that we negotiate with that doesn't make a better deal. Everybody.
We lose money with everything.
I'm also going to renegotiate some of our military costs. Because we protect South Korea, we protect Germany, we protect some of the wealthiest countries in the world – Saudi Arabia – we protect everybody. We protect everybody.
And we don't get reimbursement. We lose on everything. We lose on everything.
So, we're going to negotiate and renegotiate trade deals, military deals, many other deals that's going to get the costs down for running our country very significantly. I'm not showing a big number in that. But I believe that if I become President, those numbers are going to be massive.
As an example, Saudi Arabia. They make $1 billion a day. We protect them.
So we need help.
We're losing a tremendous amount of money on a yearly basis and we owe $19 trillion.
I used to say $18 trillion for the last 6, 7 months; now it's $19 trillion and it's only going up.

Well, no, look. Senator [Marco] Rubio is a lightweight. We understand that. He wouldn't be able to do this. He wouldn't know a trade deal from any other deal and what certain people are trying to do is they're trying to take – we just went up in the last poll. We went up two points in the last poll, and we continue to go up.
In the NBC poll, I think we went from 26% to 29%. We're going up very strongly in the polls. They don't know what to do about it.
I've built a great company. You'll see that in 60 Minutes last night. I built a great company. It's a phenomenal company with very little debt, tremendous cash flow.
I'm funding my own campaign.
Guys like Rubio, I mean, he desperately needs money. Ask the car dealer in Florida. Ask the people that support him.
And a guy like Rubio and others – I don't want to single him out; you're singling him out – but they're largely controlled by their donors, the special interests, and frankly more than anybody else, the lobbyists.
I've turned down millions of millions of dollars from lobbyists and special interests because it's not the right thing. It's just not right. And that seems to be resonating very strongly.



I negotiate. It's true. I get bills from people; I'll negotiate. Oh, is that a bad thing? The country should do that.

Yeah, I would. I'd bring that same attitude to the White House. It's true.
She says I have a habit when you get a bill, you'd call up and you negotiate. To me, that's a compliment.
No, I want to take that thinking to the White House. I would bet you we could save 20% of our budget. I could even save more. But we could save a tremendous amount.
That has to be the attitude our country has. You can't spend millions and millions of dollars on doing something that you can do for $2,000.
You know, when you look at costs, we just spent $1 million building a soccer field. Okay? A soccer field for our prisoners that happen to be in Guantanamo. Okay? I don't like that. What do you need $1 million for? Level out the surface, let them play – if they had to play at all. Okay? What do you need to spend $1 million.
We just spent – it's a story today. $1 million on a soccer field. How do you spend $1 million doing a soccer field? You have a level piece of land. Throw them a ball if they have to play soccer – if they have to play at all. Why are they playing soccer is my question.

No, it's too long. You don't have time. You don't have time.

No, not at all. We're lowering taxes, which Republicans love.
And I think one of the reasons I am doing so well in the polls and one of the reasons I'm doing so well when it comes to the economy in all polls is that this is the thinking.
No, we're lowering taxes very substantially. We're simplifying. And we're getting rid of deductions that are actually obselete that certain people want to keep for certain reasons.
So, no, that's not true.

Well, Putin was interviewed and I was interviewed last night. I thought his interview – I though Charlie Rose did an excellent job. But I thought his was a softer interview.
Scott Pelley interviewed me. I thought Scott was terrific. I mean, it was a tough interview but I thought he was very fair and I thought the piece was very good.

Why is he harder on me than Putin? I would say because Putin is a nicer person than I am.

The worst in 36 years. Well, it's a good question and you can connect the dots. But I guess it has been probably since '04. You know, you're talking about 10, 11, 12 years that people have wanted to bring the money back into the country.
And again it's called corporate inversion and in a lot of time corporations are moving out and they're going to other countries, taking jobs.
And now, we have a really big problem because we have serious companies – very large, very prestigious companies as you know – obviously you know something about business. But we have major companies looking to move out of the United States.
You know, it used to be they'd move from New York to Florida. They'd move from New Jersey to Texas. Or whatever.
Now, they're talking about moving from the United States to Ireland and to England and to other places, to Spain where they get treated differently and frankly better.
And they're doing that for a number of reasons but one of the reasons – one of the big reasons – as you know is taxes. One of the other reasons is to get all of this cash that they've built up and they can't get back into our country.
And when this money comes back into our country that everybody wants, it's going to be put to work in our country, largely. It can go other places. But largely.
And I think it will be an amazing boon.
Now, here's the other thing. They think it's $2.5 trillion. I think it's much more than that.
I actually think it's going to be more money than that. And boy if it is, we have hit pay dirt.



Well, you know when you end the repatriation, when you get the money coming back in beyond, tremendous things happen.

Well, I'll be announcing that in the not too distant future.
But I will tell you. I've been honest. I'm the only one that's honest about this thing.
I watched Romney. I watched all – "Oh, I pay so much tax. I pay so much tax." I watched all politicians and they say "I pay – "
I fight like hell to pay as little as possible. Can I say that? I'm not a politician.
I fight like hell always because it's an expense.
And you know, I feel – I fight. I have the best lawyers and the best accountants and I fight. And I pay. But it's an expense.
And frankly, I would feel differently if this country was spending the money wisely instead of throwing it out the drain.
Our country spends our money so stupidly and I will tell you that I could speak for myself I pay a lot of tax but I fight like hell to make it as low as possible. But I would feel a lot differently if our leadership was such that I respected the decisions.
All you have to do is look at a list of the things that our government is spending money on right now and you don't feel so good about our country.

I'll tell you what in terms of income inequality, we're going to create a lot of jobs.
You know, right now, we have a false – 5.4%, 5.3%, 5.6% – every month it's different.
It's such a phony number. Because when people look and look and look and then they give up looking for a job, they're taken off the roll. So the number isn't reflective.
I've seen numbers of 24%. I actually saw a number of 42% unemployment. 42%.
And it could be because when you're looking for a job and you go around and you look and you look and you find it, you want to work and you want to take care of your family and then you can't get the job – you know what I'm talking about because you're shaking your head – and you can't get the job, essentially for statistically purposes you are considered employed.
So then I read every time it comes out I hear 5.3% unemployment. That is the biggest joke there is in this country.
That number is so false.
And you know, people ask "How come Trump is doing so well? And Carson and others? How come they're doing -?" You know why they're doing well? Because people are tired of political speak. They're tired of that.
And the worst example of it – one of the worst example of it – is the phony unemployment rate.
The unemployment rate is probably 20%. But I will tell you you have some great economists that will tell you it's 30%, 32%. And the highest I've heard so far is 42%.
There's anger out there at the job picture.
Now, one of the things – with that being said, China, Japan, Mexico, Brazil, these countries are all taking our jobs like we're a bunch of babies.
That will stop. People will treat us fairly if I become President.
We're losing our jobs. We're losing our base. We're losing our manufacturing.
All of that will stop.

Well, this is number one a simplification. Number two, what I'm really doing is the big picture because corporations now are going to start having an incentive to create jobs. They're going to have an incentive also to stay in this country.

…Well, if they provide bigger dividends, people are going to have more money to spend. So that's not so bad either.
If a corporation gives out a bigger dividend, that's great. Mr. Jones gets a bigger dividend, he's going to have more money to spend in the economy. So that's good.

I know nothing about that.

No, I'm not a populist. No, I'm not. I'm a man of great common sense. I'm a man that's built a tremendous company with the best locations in real estate, the best everything. You're here at one of them. I have many of these.
I've done a great job. I've employed tens of thousands of people. I employ now thousands and thousands of people. I've done a good job.
But I wouldn't say populist at all. I would say I'm a man of common sense.
I'm cutting taxes. I'm going to create a lot of jobs. I'm going to get rid of a tremendous amount of waste.
And I'll tell you what. The waste that I get rid of – the waste that I get rid of – is going to have a huge impact and I'm not even putting that in my numbers so I think it's going to be terrific.

Yes, the motor industry. That's a beautiful way of describing it – the motor industry.
Where are you from? England? I love them. Oh, what a beautiful accent.
No, I want to get the industry – we call it the automobile industry.
But I want to get the automobile industry to build factories here.
As you know, Ford is building $2.5 billion factory in Mexico.
Mexico also took a big plant out of Tennessee and Tennessee thought they were going to get it and they didn't.
I want the motor companies, as you would say, or the automobile companies to build their plants in the United States.
I don't want Nabisco leaving for Mexico or any place else.
I want these companies not to leave Chicago, not to leave Michigan, not to leave New Hampshire and Iowa and South Carolina and all of these places where they're leaving and they're going to other countries.
I want them to stay here and they will stay here and they'll be so happy.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. It's been a great honor. Thank you.

Autism has become an epidemic.
25 years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics. Not even close.
It has gotten totally out of control.
I am totally in favor of vaccines but I want smaller doses over a longer period of time.
Because you take a baby in – and I've seen it and I've seen it and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time, over a two or three year period of time, same exact amount. But you take this little beautiful baby and you pump – I mean, it looks just like it's meant for a horse not for a child.
And we've had so many instances – people that work for me just the other day – two years old, two and a half years old, a child – a beautiful child – went to have the vaccine and came back and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic.
I only say – I'm in favor of vaccines. Do them over a longer period of time. Same amount but just in little sections.
And I think you're going to have – I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.

…Boy, oh, boy. I didn't expect that. You know, Joe [Arends] and the group [Veterans for a Strong America] called and they said "Would you come over and speak?"
I'm here for a certain reason. You know, it's called tomorrow night. So I got here and they asked a couple of days ago if it would possible to come over and say a few words. An endorsement from your group with so many veterans – hundreds of thousands of veterans – I really appreciate that, Joe. I did not expect that.
I didn't expect it. I didn't ask for it.
I will say this: I am with the veterans 100%. They're our greatest people. They're being treated terribly.
Not only the number of deaths, which are obviously – that's what's going on is incredible.
But as of two weeks ago on Wednesday, the vets had the longest wait in the history of the Veterans Administration. You go in to see a doctor, you wait for days, for days.
And it's not going to happen. Not going to happen. If I win, believe me, it's not going to happen.
And one of the things I thought I'd do and I'd stress so strongly – the veterans hospitals – obviously they have problems. They're not properly run.
And when you have to wait long hours and long days and then in some cases have the doctor say "I'm sorry. I'm going on vacation", believe me, it doesn't get much worse than that.
So we're going to create a whole new system. We're going to take this system apart.
And if they're not doing the job, the veterans are going to go to private doctors, private hospitals, public hospitals, and we're going to reimburse those doctors and those hospitals.
And you're going to get the greatest service of any veterans in any country because you deserve it. And that's going to be broken down into something that's going to be very special.
Right now – and you know it – we have illegal immigrants that are treated better by far than our veterans. It's not going to happen anymore. It's not going to happen.
So, Joe, I just really appreciate it. So unexpected.
To be here is an honor. They don't build ships like this anymore, folks. You know? We don't do them this way anymore.
I actually said what about recommissioning – look at this thing. The largest guns in the world. The most powerful guns. I learned about the Iowa.
By the way, Iowa is a great place for a lot of reasons. You know? We have been treated so well in the state of Iowa. It's been incredible. Number one on the polls and we love those people. They're great.
So this is a great ship and that's a great state.

I just want to say that we're going to come out with some plans in a very short time.
We're going to be building up our military. We're going to make our military so big and so strong and so great.
And it will be so powerful that I don't think we're going to ever have to use it. Nobody's going to mess with us. That I can tell you.
And we're going to have a President who's respected by Putin, who's respected by Iran.
You know, let's talk about for two seconds, let's talk about the Iran deal.
Now, Obama and his people call him the Supreme Leader of Iran. Obama talks about the Supreme Leader. Well, I'm not calling him a Supreme Leader.
But he said the other day that after this rip-off deal is completed, he will never touch, do business with the United States again. "We're finished with the United States."
They're taking $150 billion. They're getting a deal that's going to go right into nuclear weapons much sooner than you think.
They're going to self-police – think about that one – they are going to go and self-police.
They've got the 24-day – they have 24-day provisions. And by the way, what people don't understand – the 24-day provision doesn't start – you know this, right? It doesn't start for a long time before you even get to it. The clock is ticking. It can take forever. We may never get it there.
It is one of the dumbest deals and one of the weakest contracts I've ever seen of any kind.
So, we are going to do things and this country right.
We're not going to sign deals where we have four prisoners over there and there's still there and we don't even ask for them.
One of them is there because he's a Christian. We have a writer. We have – the whole thing is absolutely insane.
You know, they asked the President, and they asked Secretary of State Kerry who maybe – you know, I've been saying Hillary Clinton is the worst Secretary of State in the history of this country. Right? All right. I've been saying it. But it's possible – the world blew up around her. It blew up. Just blew up. The whole world is like a different place.
It's possible that because of this deal made by Secretary Kerry who has absolutely no clue how to negotiate, it may that he's going to supersede. And I understand that he may want to run for President. He has no chance like she has no chance.
So we're going to see what happens.
We have many problems in our country. One of them is immigration.
Now, I took a tremendous hit when I brought up illegal immigration when I announced I was running for President.
And for two weeks, I said – you know, Rush Limbaugh – he's a great guy – he said "He has suffered more incoming" – meaning the press – "than anybody I've seen."
So what happened is you have now found out what illegal immigration is all about and I am so happy that I'm the one that brought it to the fore because believe me, it's a big problem. It is a big problem.
So you remember for about two weeks, I said, "Boy this is tougher than I thought running for President." And then you found out there's tremendous crime. There's tremendous drugs pouring across the border. Tremendous. Beyond. Going to Chicago, going to New York, going to LA, going all over our country.

So the drugs pour in and the money pours out. Not a good deal. We get the drugs, they get the money. The drug cartels are going wild. They cannot believe how stupid our government is.
They are making a fortune. The drugs come in. The money goes out daily. And I saw it because I was on the border. I was there. And we saw it. And everybody sees it everyday.
And we have the kind of people that can do something about it but we have no leadership. None. None whatsoever.
So, we're going to build a wall and Mexico's going to pay for the wall, believe me. You know, a lot of politicians have said "Oh, they're not going to pay". They don't know anything about – they never read the Art of the Deal, first of all.
So here's the story. So here's the story. I said the other day to one of my people "What is the United State's trade deficit with Mexico, Japan, and China?"
So let's start with China. Almost $400 billion a year.
Now, if you have a company where you're losing $400 billion, you've got to do something very fast.
We don't. We've been losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year frankly for decades.
Not going to happen anymore. Not going to happen anymore.
With Japan where their massive ships floating right here and they drop off the cars, right? They drop off thousands and thousands and thousands of cars – millions of cars – and we sell them beef. We sell them beef.
And they don't want it because their farmers don't want our beef. They protest and they send it back. All right?
It's not going to happen that way anymore.
Now, with Mexico – and I love Mexico. I have many, many people – many, many people from Mexico that work with me and they work for me and they buy my apartments.
Same with China. I have so many people. They pay me millions and millions. What am I supposed to hate China because they gave me millions of dollars to buy an apartment? I don't think so.
I had the largest bank in the world as a tenant. It's from China. Bigger than any bank in this country by many times. They're from China.
The problem that we have is that the leaders of Mexico, Japan, and China and every other country that we do business with, they're smarter, more cunning, sharper than our leaders.
I love free trade. The concept is great. But you need smart people.

I have the smartest people in this country lined up. I know the smartest.
I have Carl Icahn. I have the best business leaders and they all want to do it. They're wealthy because they make good deals like me. I make good deals.
You know, it's a talent. It's a talent. You can't be a politician.
Look, I'm fighting some very nice people. Very nice. Even though I'm leading in the polls. But they're very nice people.
But they're never going to do anything with these countries. They're never going to be able to do it. It's an instinct. It's something that's special. They don't have it. Believe me, they don't have it.
It's just going to be more of the same.
So, we are going to make our country so great.
We are going to make it strong. We are going to make it powerful.
We're going to rebuild the military. We're going to make it so strong.
We are going to take care of our veterans.
And in the end, in the end, I want you people to look around and look at each other because this is going to be a special day.
The other week – two weeks ago in Mobile, Alabama, 31,000 people showed up in a rainy rough day. 31,000 people came to see us speak and we're talking about making America great again.
Last night in Dallas at the American Airlines Center, 20,000 people – the basketball arena of the Mavericks. 20,000 people showed up and I want to tell you, it was a love fest. Everybody – think of it, 20,000 people – there wasn't one heckler in the whole room. I kept saying, "There's got to be one."
There was a word – two words that used to be used a lot called "silent majority". They stopped using them.
The silent majority, believe me, is back and I think we can use it somewhat different.
I don't think we have to call it a silent majority anymore because they're not silent. People are not silent.
They're disgusted with our incompetent politicians.
They're disgusted with the people that are giving our country away.
They're disgusted when they tell the border patrol agents who are good people and can do the job.
They're disgusted when they're allowed people to just walk right in front of them and they're standing there helpless and people just pour into the country.
They're disgusted when a woman who's nine months pregnant, walks across the border, has a baby, and you have to take care of that baby for the next 85 years.
They're disgusted by what's happening to our country.
And you're going to look around and you're going to remember who the people are that are here because we're doing something special. This is a movement. We're going to make our country great again.
Believe me, we will make our country great again.
I love you all. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you all for being here. This is some turnout. My great honor.
The Chairman just left as you probably know and he's been extremely fair. The RNC has been absolutely terrific over the last two month period.
And as you know, that's what I've wanted. I wanted fairness.
I don't have to be treated any differently than anybody else. I just wanted fairness from the Republican Party.
We're leading in every single poll. A new poll came out today where we're over 30%. We've actually hit numbers as high as 35% and 40%.
And frankly, I've felt that the absolute best way to win and to beat the Democrats and very easily I think beat the Democrats no matter who it may be whether it's Hillary or anybody else and I think maybe Hillary is going to have a very hard time frankly with what's happening getting to the starting gate, the best way for the Republicans to win is if I win the nomination and go directly against whoever they happen to put up.
And for that reason, I have signed the pledge.
So I will be totally pledging my allegiance to the Republican Party and the conservative principles for which it stands and we will go out and we will fight hard and we will win. We will win.
And most importantly, we will make our country great again because that's what it's all about. We have to make our country great again.

This is a self-funded campaign. We have our heart in it. We have our soul in it. I don't need money and I don't want money.
And this is going to be a campaign like I think no other.
I'm not controlled by lobbyists. I'm not controlled by anybody. I'm controlled by the people of the country in order to make our country great again.

Yeah, I got nothing. I really got nothing.
The question was what did I get for signing the pledge? Absolutely nothing. Other than the assurance that I would be treated fairly. And I've seen that over the last two months. They really have been very fair.

No, I have no intention of changing my mind.

Well, I think the big thing that's changed is – and it's been obvious to all – number one, after I announced, we went up like a rocket ship.
Nobody thought I was going to run and they said "Oh, he won't run and he won't put in his papers. And he wouldn't do all of this."
I did that. The papers in terms of the company turned out to be spectacular. It's a great company. I built a great company. And all of the other papers have turned out to be very well received.
And I think the thing that's changed is the fact that I went to number one place very quickly after I signed and after I in this building notified everybody that I'd be running for President.
So I think the biggest thing is that I went early to number one and the RNC has treated me with great respect.
So that was very important.

No, I see no circumstances under which I would tear up that pledge.

Well, you don't have to be met when you're at 2%. It's one of those things. That's the way life works. And I like Gov. [Chris] Christie, by the way.

Well, the Chairman asked if he could come up. You saw him. He was here a little while ago. And I was greatly honored that he did come up frankly.

Well, I think that when you get right down to it, we're a nation that speaks English and I think that while we're in this nation, we should be speaking English. And that's how assimilation takes. And that's how – I mean, whether people like it or not that's how we assimilate and that's how we go on to that next phase and that next stage.
And that's how people that don't speak – and I'm not just talking about Spanish; I'm talking about from various parts of the world – that's how they will become successful and do great.
So I think it's more appropriate to be speaking English.

Well, one of the things I want to do and I feel very strongly it's a country based on borders and our country is based on laws.
And when people come into the country illegally, we should not allow that.
And this is not from South America. This is not from Mexico. This is from all over the world.
When people come illegally, we cannot allow that.
And I want people to come legally. I want very much to take care of our border because our southern border is a total mess. That's been proven.
And interestingly, a couple of months ago when I announced, I made some very strong statements about the crime and the problems that were happening and I've been proven right.
And many of the people in this audience actually have apologized to me, which I very much appreciate. Of course, they haven't done it publicly but these are minor details but someday they will.
The fact is that we are a nation that wants and needs borders. We're a nation that wants and needs and is based on laws.
And we will make sure that that takes place.
With that being said, I want people to come into our country legally. I want to have a big, fat beautiful open door. I want people of great talent to come in for Silicon Valley. I want engineers. I want physicists. I want people with great talent to come into the United States.
When people graduate from college, you can be number one in your class at Harvard or number one at Yale or the Wharton School of Finance or Princeton or Stanford. And immediately if you're not a citizen of the United States, you get thrown out of the country. We want those people to stay.
We want people of great talent to be in the United States to work here and ultimately to become a citizen.

I don't know enough about it to comment on it. Was she jailed? I really don't know much about it.

That's absolutely false. I win at golf. I win at golf. That I can tell you.

Well, I understand how the system works maybe better than anybody. I understand the political system and I understand also very much a system for coming in for illegal immigrants.
Don't forget if I didn't bring up the subject of illegal immigration, you wouldn't be asking the question. Nobody would be even talking about immigration. And immigration and in particular illegal immigration has become a very big factor.
Now, a lot of bad things have happened with respect to crime since I brought it up.
But if I didn't bring it up, immigration would not even be a subject that we're talking about and it happens to be a very important subject.
I have to say this: It can also be a very positive subject because I believe so strongly in immigration and I just – we have to stop illegal immigration and we have to look forward to great immigration done in a legal manner.
But if I didn't bring it up, nobody would be talking about it.

Well, there is gridlock in Congress right now and that's because there's no leadership at the top. You have to be able to lead. You have to be able to get people into your office. You have to get people go to them. Any way you want to do it. But you have to be able to lead. There is no leadership at the top.
Signing executive orders it not the way our country was supposed to be run.

I don't want to talk about that. It's inappropriate.

Tom Brady? Well, Tom Brady is a very good friend of mine. He's a great guy.
For those of you who don't know him, he's a very honorable and an honest guy and a truly great athlete. He is really a very good friend of mine.
And I just spoke to him a little while ago. He's so thrilled and so happy.
Tom Brady – I think what they've done is terrible. And he's been exonerated as I understand it because I just heard about it. But I'm very happy for Tom.
As far as the Commissioner is concerned, they're having a rough year. Let's face it. They're having a very rough year.

Well, in Europe they have tremendous problems with people going in and storming. And it's a huge humanitarian problem.
And I just say this. This United States has tremendous problems of their own. We have infrastructure that we have to fix. We have bridges and roads and tunnels and everything is falling apart. Our nation's in such trouble.
That's why being a builder and a great builder and a very successful builder I think will greatly help.
But we have so many of our own problems including the border, including the wall, which we will get built, including all of the things we have – health care, which is a mess.
You know, if you look at Obamacare, the premiums have gone up 45%, 50%, 55%. People are saying "This is turning out to be a disaster." Deductibles are through the roof. The deductibles on Obamacare it's through the roof.
So we have a lot of problems. We have to take care of our vets. We have to build up our military.
Just the other day, Gen. [Ray] Ordierno said that the Army is in the worst shape in its history in terms of preparedness.
Now, for them to be in bad shape with the way we are and with the world hating us, and you look at Hillary Clinton – and I've said she's the worst Secretary of State in the history of this country.
Now, in all fairness, because of the agreement that's about to be finalized with Iran, John Kerry may very well take her place.
I think that agreement is a disaster for this country, for Israel, for the Middle East. It's going to lead to nuclear proliferation – the 24-day clause – everything about it. We don't even get our prisoners back. You say who negotiates a thing like that?
That won't happen, I can guarantee you, with a President Trump.

You'll see it later. Yeah. They don't want to hear it.

…I would say very simply I just want to be treated like everybody else.
You see, I was always the fair hair boy. I was a big contributor. Nobody knows the system. But I was on the other side. And I was the elite. I was the fair hair person.
Once I ran, all of a sudden I was a little bit of an outsider. I became an outsider because I was running. Because I wasn't supposed to run.
I'm this businessman that people have given me great credit as being a great businessman. But I'm not supposed to be running for office.
The fact is that our country is being killed on trade by China, by Japan, by Mexico both at the border and on trade.
And I'm not knocking those countries. Their leaders are much, much smarter than our leaders. They are absolutely killing us.
China – taking our jobs, taking our money, taking our base. And think of this: We owe China $1.4 trillion and we're paying them interest.
We owe Japan with all of the cars coming in the same amount – $1.4 trillion.
Now, that's like a magic act. They send the cars in, they take our jobs, they do everything, and we owe them money. That's not going to happen with me.

…Well, Jeb Bush is a very nice man. I'll be honest. I think he's a very nice person. I think he's a very low energy person and I don't think that's what the country needs.
I hear he's going to spend a lot of money on negative ads on me.
And honestly, look, he's getting the money from special interests. He's getting the money from lobbyists and his donors. And they're making him do it because he's crashing in the polls.
So I don't know what's going to happen if he spends $20 million or $25 million on negative ads – I don't know. I know that my life will continue. I just don't know. I mean nobody's ever spent money on ads against me. But he probably has to do that although it would not be the way I've done.
You know, one of the things I'm most honored about is that so far everybody that's attacked me has gone down the tubes.
You have Lindsey Graham attacked me. He was at 3%. Now he's at zero.
You have Perry attacked me. Now he's getting out of the race. He was at 4% or 5%. Now he's getting out of the race. He was at zero.
Everybody – Rand Paul attacked me. I see the last poll – the Monmouth poll that just came out today where I'm leading by double figures and Rand Paul is down to less than 2% and he attacked me.
Now, Jeb Bush also just went down in the Monmouth poll very big.
So I don't know. Are they going to spend – he's going to spend lobbyist money and special interest money. Remember this – they have total control over Jeb and Hillary and everybody else that takes that money.
Nobody knows the system better than me. They have total control.
You understand it very well because you've been covering it for a long time. Those people that are putting up those millions of dollars have total control over your candidate.
I will tell you this: Nobody's putting up millions of dollars for me. I'm putting up my own money.
In fact, I feel a little bit foolish. People are offering me millions and millions of dollars. You know, when you're in first place, you can collect so much money and I keep turning them down. I feel like – am I a fool? I feel very foolish.
And when I was in Iowa last week, I said "What do you think? Can I take – " One man offered me – a big lobbyist – offered $5 million for my campaign. I said to the crowd in Iowa – great crowd, 4,000 people – I said "Can I take it? And would you believe I'm not going to do anything? I promise you. I swear to you I won't do anything." And they all stood up and said "No, no, don't take it."
The fact is I'm the only self-funder. I'm putting up my own money.
I know there have been some super PACs – 5 or 6 super PACs – where people are forming super PACs for Trump. I have nothing to do with them. As you know, you're not allowed to have anything to do with them. So I don't know what they're going to do.
Hopefully, if they're going to do something it's going to be nice. But I don't know anything about them.
But just in a nutshell, I'm funding my own campaign. Nobody else's.
When people advertise – and I hope the voters can see this. Every negative ad they see about me is paid for by lobbyists and special interests. So just remember that.

Our country could be doing much better. We have deficits that are enormous. We have all bad trade agreements. We have an Army that the heads said is not prepared. We have a military that needs help and especially in these times.
We have nuclear weapons that you look at 60 Minutes they don't even work. Okay? If anybody saw that report. The phones don't work. They're 40 years old. They have wires that are no good.
Nothing works. Our country doesn't work.
Everybody wins except us. We need victories in this country. We don't have victories any more.
Our country will be great again, but right now our country has major problems.

I think it's great that she's [Carly Fiorina] in the debate. I was in favor of her being – I think she should be in the debate.
I don't like the fact that there are 11 people now as I understand it. They're not getting rid of Rand Paul or somebody. But I think they should because there's too many people.
Because when you have 11, you're not getting to hear me and you're not getting to hear other people talking and I think that's too bad. I think 11 is a lot of people.
But I was very happy that she got into the debate because frankly she deserves to be in the debate.

I think maybe he's [Joe Biden] inclined not to get in the race. I think it's going to depend on what happens with Hillary Clinton.
A lot of people think that she will not be able to make it legally from a criminal standpoint to the starting gate. I don't know that to be true.
But I think it depends on what happens with her.
I think if she gets out, he will get in. I think if she stays in, he might not.
Who knows?

Oh, he's not supposed to be here because he was here, he was up in my office and he got the pledge and we're very happy about that. We don't want anything – and I told him. I said, "I don't know if it's appropriate Reince for you to be here because I don't want anything – " You know, you guys will end up saying he's endorsing Trump.
So I suggested frankly that I'm fine with him not being here because I don't want anybody to think he's endorsing.
As far as Jeb is concerned, I watched him this morning on television and it's a little bit sad.
Don't forget. He was supposed to win. And he just doesn't have the energy.
But what he does have is a lot of money that was given to him again by special interests, donors, and lobbyists.
And I just hope that if he spends money on ads, which he may not – if I were him, I'd spend money on positive ads about himself. Because if he knocks me, assuming people leave and maybe they're at a point where they're not going to leave because they're fed up with what's happening in this country, but I think they're going to go to people other than Jeb.

I don't know. Right now, I'm interested in jobs. One thing – one of the groups, it was actually CNN. I shouldn't say that. But they did a very massive poll and I came out number one in leadership, number one on the economy, number one in jobs producing.
And I don't mean by number one. I mean like number one by many, many times. And I am so intent on putting people back to work in this country.
You know, we have 93 million people that are not in the workforce right now. 93 million.
When they give up looking for a job, they take them off of the stats. They take them off the statistics. We have 93 million people.
We have 50 million people between poverty levels and welfare and all.
Our country can be great again. We have to put people back to work.

Would I bring my children into the administration? I will tell you they are very capable. The answer is probably not. But having them in would be very good. They're very, very capable children.
The second part I won't bother asking you. It's no longer pertinent.

Kanye West? You know what? I'll never say bad about him. You know why? Because he loves Trump. He loves Trump. He goes around saying "Trump is my all-time hero." He says it to everybody.
So, Kanye West – I love him. Now, maybe in a few years I'll have to run against him. I don't know. So I'll take that back.
But he's been so nice to me.
You people have sort of seen because I've been a counter-puncher. I only hit people when they hit me. Only. And Kanye West has been so great. I would never say bad about him because he says such nice things about me.

No, my supporters are really supporting me because I'm very competent, because they know that I'm not going to let China rip us off. I'm not going to let Japan rip us off.
Japan is devaluing their yen. Very hard for Caterpillar and other companies to compete against Komatsu – their big tractor maker – and others. We're not going to let this happen anymore.
They do – you talk about a trade imbalance. They have in Japan the biggest ships you've ever seen pouring cars into Los Angeles, pouring them in. I've never seen anything like it. We send them beef and they don't even want it.
It's going to end and they're going to like us.
In this building, I have the largest bank in the world. Right up these elevators. It's a bank from China. By far the biggest bank in the world.
I get along great with China. I get along great with Japan. I get along great with Mexico.
I love the people. I love the people of Mexico. I love the Hispanics. I have thousands of Hispanics right now working for me. Over the years, I have employed tens of thousands of Hispanics – many from Mexico. I have unbelievably great relationships.
And in the package that we gave you, you'll see there's a poll and I'm number one with Hispanics. You saw that. Number one with Hispanics.
So, look, for our country to be great, we have to be able to make great deals. We're going to be great to the vets. We're going to be terrific. Our military is going to be unbelievable.
All of these things – we're going to get rid of Obamacare and come up with something that's much better and much less expensive. We're going to get rid of it. We're going to repeal it. It's going to be out. Should have been out a long time ago. Should have never happened.
But we are going to take care of our country and we are going to bring back jobs and we're going to bring back wealth to the United States so we can afford to save Social Security, which I'll save without cuts, so that we can afford to do the kind of things that we have to do to make America great again.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. And here is your pledge.

…I'm going to tell you a story about Nashville. You're not even going to believe it. But it's a very personal story. It's a very special place to me for a very special reason.
But maybe more importantly, we have an incredible woman with us. She's 92 years old. We don't talk about age but she's 92. And she looks magnificent. And her name is Beada and she's become very famous. You know who Beada is, right?
Beada, where are you Beada? Look at her. So beautiful.
So, she just registered to vote for the first time in her life. She hasn't seen anybody that really did it to her. And for the first time in her life she just registered to vote and she's going to vote for Trump. I think, right?
Thank you, darling. I really appreciate it. You know, she's become so famous. She's on television all over the world now.
I have to be nervous even talking to her, you're so famous. It's great.
Beada, thank you very much. I really appreciate it and everybody appreciates it.
Because there is a big, big growing like leaps and bounds silent majority out there and we're going to take this country back and we're going to make this country so great again and so strong again.
…Well, I just want to tell you about Nashville. So, years ago – many years ago – like I hate to say 40 but I won't say 40 but close to 40, I came to Nashville. Did you ever hear of a company called Genesco? Genesco. Right? So, they were based in Nashville, Tennessee, and they owned the Bonwit Teller department store chain.
And I was a young guy and I came from Brooklyn in Queens, and I wanted to go into Manhattan. And I went into Manhattan and I did the Grand Hyatt Hotel and I did some other things that were good.
But the thing I wanted more than anything was Fifth Avenue between 57th and 56th Street, which is called the Tiffany Location right next to Tiffany. And that's what I wanted. I wanted that piece of property so badly.
I shouldn't say that because you're not supposed to want things like that so badly. God will get angry at me, right?
But I wanted it so badly and the company that owned it was Genesco based in Nashville, Tennessee.
And I came in and I came to Nashville, and I met with the heads of Genesco who were really great people actually. And they were having a lot of difficulties. There were a lot of fighting and a lot of everything.
And I convinced them to sell me the land and the building. And I bought the Bonwit Teller store Fifth Avenue from 57th to 56th street surrounding Tiffany. I bought all the air rights and then ultimately I bought the air rights from Tiffany and I built Trump Tower. And to this day it's one of the great buildings of the world and it's one of the great successes.
And I love country music and I went to the Grand Ole Opry while I was here. And I just had such an incredible experience.
And when it came down to speaking because we could speak at a lot of places – you know, when you're leading in every poll, they sort of want you. When you're not leading in the polls, like so many of these guys, they don't want you at all.
And we'll talk about the polls in a second.
But I had a lot of choices for this morning, and I guess I could have also gone and played golf like the President does all the time, right? But I decided let's do this.
And I really chose Nashville because the experience is one of my – it's not my biggest deal but in terms of a deal it's so important and it's been such a great – from the day I built it it was a home run. And it all really took place because of Nashville, Tennessee. So, I really – it's an honor to be with you folks, I can tell you. Real honor.

So, coming over I heard and I watched television – you know, they have all these cameras back there and they're live. And I guess we're live on CNN, we're live on so many different things. It's always difficult. You know, when you're always live, you've got to change up your speech. You can't make the speech over and over…
The other candidates don't get covered live ever, except for the debate.
So you know, they had 24 million people on the debate. Now they think when the new numbers come out they'll be even substantially higher than that.
So I would've said they would have had a million or two. So I say they have 24 million people. And I say, well now the second debate, which is on CNN – that was on Fox, maybe I should ask for a lot of money and give the money to charity. Does that make sense? All to charity. All to charity.
When I said that to the writers at Time Magazine, they were nice enough to put me on the cover with actually a nice story. And I said, you know, and I sort of thought I said it off the record but they put it in Time Magazine. So now – maybe should I ask for charity, maybe a nice Nashville charity and American Cancer Society and AIDS research – so many of this – there's so many good – Alzheimer's – you know, there's so many things going on. Maybe I should ask for a lot of money or I'm not showing up.
You know, it's interesting. So they'll get 2 million – a million to 2 million people at the debates. You know, they've been doing them for a long time. They don't do great, especially the early Republican debate. Like you know the expression – it draws flies? That's what it draws.
So this was one of the biggest shows in the history of cable television. I think it might have been the biggest in terms of political in the history of cable television.
Naturally I took full credit for it, which in all fairness I should. I should.
So bottom line I think I might ask for a lot of money for charity but you know. But I did say is it a little hokey if I do that? Maybe it's not so nice. So what do you think? Should I do it or not? Maybe not. I don't know.
Here's the thing. If I don't do it, CNN just makes a lot of money. I don't care about CNN. Honestly. No, they're going to make a lot of money. They just shut off their camera.
They're actually very nice.
But they're going to make a lot of money and, you know, it's something we should consider. So we'll all consider it together.
But coming over today, I saw that they were having the illegal immigrants come in and somebody mentioned the term the DREAMERs having to do with children and, you know, the dreams of children. And these are people who come over to the country and they're DREAMERs.
And I said, "What about our children?" Why can't our children that are in the country, why can't they be the dreamers? Nobody ever talks about that. No, no, nobody ever talks about that.
You know, we talk about the DREAMERs, we talk about illegal immigrants, who by the way are treated better than our vets.
You know, our vets are incredible. No, no, the illegal immigrants in many cases…are treated better than our veterans who are the greatest people we have – our wounded warriors are – these are the greatest people we have.
And another thing nice about being able to make speeches without having to hire some guy to write and keep writing and reading it and put a teleprompter then say, "Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Nashville, it's wonderful – " you know, is that I can sort of be very current. Okay? I can be very, very current. I can talk about what's happening.
This morning on the television, they had a whole story about the Veterans Administration and the hospitals how people are waiting on lines to get in. These are our veterans. These are the people that got hurt fighting for us. Maybe we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for them, to be honest with you. I mean, that's possible too.
They had a story this morning on Fox, on CNN and a number of them where the veterans are just treated terribly and they showed a desk where there's supposed to be people behind this desk and they showed this desk and there's nobody there. And the veterans – I don't know, probably some of you saw it, the veterans are saying "Where are the people?"
And then, they said, "What happened?" And they said, "This happens all the time." There was not even – nobody even there! And two weeks ago on Wednesday, they had the longest wait in the history – in the history of the Veterans Administration for people wanting to see a doctor.
When I go to a doctor, if I have to wait like 9 minutes, I'm like "Get me – " I'd go crazy. It's true.
Remember the old days when the doctor used to come to your house? Right?

Beada remembers that. You'd have a cold. The doctor would come over carrying a little bag like this big, beautiful little bag, being at the top. And he'd come over to your house, check you out, fine. Those days don't exist anymore.
You know, we're in age of Obamacare where nothing exists.
By the way, we will repeal and replace Obamacare. That I can tell you. That I can tell you.
But, so two weeks ago Wednesday, the longest wait in the history of the Veterans Administration. So that if you go to the doctor's office, men and women are waiting four days, three days, one was five days.
One case was five days or six days, finally got to see the doctor and the doctor excused himself because he was going on vacation.
Now, you think about that. Can you imagine waiting even a day or a half a day? But these people are waiting four, five days.
So the wait's now the longest in history and that's the way we're treating our greatest people and that's not right and we're going to change that. We're going to change that.
We have right now – and people don't know this. You know, they see these phony statistics put out by politicians basically. All talk, no action politicians. And I mean on both sides in all fairness.
You know, I'm a Republican. I'm a conservative. But I'm just as angry with the Republicans because they go to Washington, something happens – they become weak. You know, they go to Washington – "We're going to stop Obamacare. We're going to stop this. We're going to do this. We're going to do that."
Then they walk into these magnificent buildings with those incredible vaulted ceilings, and they go "Oh, I made it, darling, I made it. I vote for you. I vote for you. I vote for Obamacare expansions. I'll do whatever you want me to do. I'm in Washington."
It's amazing. Isn't it amazing? Don't you agree?
I won't happen to me, I promise.
And if it does, you can let me know about it. But it won't. I promise. I promise.
But you know, they show those phony statistics where we're 5.4% unemployment. 5.4%. The real number. You know, I actually saw a number it could be 42%, okay, believe it or not.
But when you think about it, we have 93 million people that are right now out of the labor force. 93 million people. Of the 93 many of these people want jobs. And they quit looking.
So if you're looking for a job and you can't find it and you stop for a while – you know, after a while you sort of like "It's not happening. It's not going to happen." I don't know what they do. But they stop. They are considered statistically employed. Okay?
So, we have 93 million people out of the labor force. I mean, think about it. It's hard to believe.
We have 50 million people in poverty. These are very new numbers. 50 million people in poverty. Taking our money.
Japan's taking our money.
Mexico is beating us at the border and on trade. By the way, they're killing us on trade. You know that.
In fact, you just lost a big car plant to Mexico in Tennessee. Remember? Recently front page Wall Street Journal. A plant that you were going to have…
[Comment on a supporter's sign]
You know this is a movement, folks. This is not like maybe even about me. I don't want it to be about me. This is about common sense. It's about doing the right thing.
One of the things that came out in the poll, which was really amazing. Some of the polls, I mean, hey, in Iowa, we're leading big. Those are great people. We just left Iowa. We had such an amazing evening. 4,000 people in a room that never had that many people and it was a happening.
We just left Alabama, which was unbelievable. 31,000 people in a stadium, and it was supposed to pour. And it did. It poured the minute my speech – that's like luck. That's from God. The minute the speech was over, we got it and it poured. We had 31,000 people and it was the most unbelievable.
And the poll just came out in Alabama, leading big in Alabama. Leading big in Iowa. Leading tremendously big in New Hampshire. Great people. Leading really big in New Hampshire.
Leading big in Florida. How about Florida? I have a governor. We have a low energy governor and we have a Senator and we're leading big in Florida. How do you do that when you have a Senator who's sitting, you have a governor who's been there for eight years and Trump – ? I love Florida and I'm there a lot. What could be in Florida? Great weather. You have great weather but Florida has great weather. Big advantage.

But you know, I'm leading big in Florida.
But one of the polls came out because in South Carolina and North Carolina, I'm leading really big.
And in South Carolina, a poll came out and we had a statement that my level of popularity or favorability – you know, I'm the only one that can get a poll and it comes out and these guys in the back with all those red lights on will say – I think I had one poll where I'm 41% – almost 41% – can you imagine? 41%. There's 17 people. So I'm at 41% with 17 people and they said "Trump's at 41% but look" – you can't even hear it. You know, "Trump says bleh". Nobody knows what they just said.
"But there are some people that don't like him."
It's unbelievable. I'm the only one that wins these polls and I get negative publicity. No, it's incredible. The press, ayeyayay.
…Well, yesterday, you might have seen me. I was in South Carolina. I made a speech. I had to bring it up.
The New York Times to me is a big deal. You know, I'm from New York. Very liberal paper but that's okay. You know, not everybody could be like us. But it's still the New York Times. Right? We have to admit, still the New York Times.
And I'm on the front page a lot on the New York Times, and to be on the front page of the New York Times is a big deal.
But yesterday or two days ago, they had story about me and they had some low level Hispanic commentator. Low level guy. This one didn't like me.
By the way, I think I'm going to win the Hispanic vote and I think – you know, in Nevada, I won the Hispanic poll. They love me.
I love the Hispanic people. Incredible energy. Incredible people. I love the people. I have so many – I have thousands that work for me and thousands and thousands over the years and have worked for me. They're great people.
And I said, "I'm going to win". And a lot of the Hispanics that are here legally, they don't want people coming in illegally. You know it's true. It's true.
So there's this poll that comes out. I think it was in South Carolina where we're way up and Lindsey at 4% and he's the Senator. I'm at 30%. So I wrote him a note, "Congratulations. I'm only beating you in your home state by 26 points."
So anyways, who cares.
But they did something that nobody reported. They say, "Oh but do people like Trump?" By the way, this election is not going to be like.
I think I'm a nice person. I love people. I want to help people.
Women's health issues to me are very important. To Jeb Bush it wasn't important because he didn't want to fund them. And then he said, "Oh, I misspoke."
But you know, I really want to be a nice person and I am a nice person.
But I think it's actually going to be an election based on competence. We're tired of being like the patsy for everybody. I really do. I think it's time.
But in the poll, this was the Monmouth poll. Big poll. Highly re – "In another act of political magic…Trump managed to flip his favorability rating from negative" – nobody wrote this by the way. Nobody said it. Nobody reported it. "From negative to positive."
This is an exact quote. I have like this photographic memory so I don't need – but I want to be sure because if I used the word "the" incorrectly, they'll say, "He didn't – "
"Favorability rating from negative to positive in one poll during the span of a month". A feat that Monmouth University's Patrick Murray's highly respected pollster called "astounding".
Called it "astounding." Nobody else wrote about it.
"That defies any rule in presidential politics that I've ever seen," said this highly respected man.
Murray, the director of the polling institute, said he flipped it from 20% to 52% in one month and he said that he's never seen that before.
And you know what? That's because people have heard me and they say "You're such a nice person." No, they want – they say he's a man – I've made a tremendous amount of money. I've had tremendous success. And I don't say that braggingly. That's the kind of thinking we need in the country. I mean, whatever it is.
But to me, that statement was more important than actually literally killing everybody in the poll. We were much, much higher, more than double everybody.
And we are more than double everybody.

You saw the Quinnipiac just came out and that was an amazing poll. I was the same thing. Much, much higher – double and triple and quadruple many of these candidates.
And the reason is people in this country are smart. They don't believe a lot of what they see in the media because if you believe these people – you know, why are they doing this? I mean, why are they even saying it?
You'd think that if somebody's good for the country – and I'll be great for the country because I'm going to make great deals for our country. We don't win anymore. Our country doesn't win anymore.
You'd think somebody – even a liberal person or a Democrat liberal and I mean, really liberal. Somebody who's going to make the country – why are they knocking it? Why are they knocking? Why do they fight?
You'd think they'd say "Let's do it. It's good. It's good for all of us."
Because our country is in trouble. We owe now $19 trillion. You know, I've been saying $18 [trillion] for a while now. But now it starts to go up quickly.
And by the way, when Obamacare kicks in, which is really kicking in in '16, you want to see bad deficits? You want to see it go up? You're going to really see it go up because that has a huge negative impact not only on jobs but on the deficit itself because of the costs. And it's no good.
Have you noticed – and you've seen it yourself – the premiums have gone through the roof? Right? The deductibility – unless you're close to death, you're never going to use it. You can't use it because the deductibility is so high.
But the premiums are up 30%, 40%, and 50% and more. It's a disaster.
And on top of that, it's going to cost the country a fortune. So it's not only costing you a lot of money, it's going to cost the country a fortune.
So we have to do something about it. And we have to do something importantly about it.
But when I see the people on television and I have to tell you I won't mention names, some of them when they hear my name – I was talking – we have a great reporter today from the Wall Street Journal with us. Okay? Who came down. And she actually said "Some of them when they hear your name it looks like they're a boiler waiting to explode." It's true.
…Now, number one, they look bad because they said – do you remember the beginning? Like three, four months ago. They said, "He's a clown. He's a clown. Just having fun."
You know, I went to a great school. I did great. I did – everything was great. I came out. I made a fortune, which I want to use the brain for you, but I made a fortune.
I then did a book called The Art of the Deal and many bestsellers. The Art of the Deal being probably the best selling business book of all time. Who has read The Art of the Deal? Yeah, most people. Most everybody.
I jokingly say but I mean it – the Bible tops it by a long way. I say that. I say that. Said it the first time in Iowa. People liked that. But it's true. Nothing tops the Bible.
But the Art of the Deal – great success. Many books – bestsellers. Many, many bestsellers.
Then I do The Apprentice. I've never done television. I do The Apprentice. It's one of the most successful shows ever on television by the way.
And NBC renewed the Apprentice. You know that. Right? For me.
They came up to my office, the head of Comcast – great guy – I won't use names. Just say "Steve". No, honestly he's a great guy. One of the best in the country. He came up with the heads of NBC six months ago and they said, "Donald, we're renewing The Apprentice. Please, you'll have to do – you have to do it."
I said, "Honestly, Steve, I'm running for President. I want to make our country great again. I want to make -"
And they didn't believe me. And I said it four times. They didn't believe me. Nobody believed that I was going to run. Nobody.
My wife didn't even believe me, but now she does. But she actually said "If you actually say you're going to run, you're going to do great because people like you." She actually said "They'd love you" but I don't want to brag. But she said, "If you actually run – not you may run, you may not run, who knows?" But she said "If you actually say -"
So the NBC guys come up – terrific people. I mean, honestly I had a great relationship with NBC for 12 years. We had many, many, you know number ones and The Apprentice continues to do great. You know, last season you know how well it did. So they wanted to renew it for many, many shows.
In fact, Mark Burnett called up. You know Mark Burnett. He did Survivor, Apprentice. So Mark Burnett, who's a great guy, he calls up and he goes "I don't believe it. You're not taking a renewal." The word is renewal. I said, "That's right, Mark. I'm going to run for President." "No, no, no, you have to – nobody doesn't take a renewal. It's unheard of in primetime television. Two hours primetime. Are you crazy?" I said, "Mark, I have to do this. I've done so well in this country. I have to do it."

We can save our country. We can save our country.
So anyways, the bottom line, NBC renewed it. I told them I'm not doing it, and then they finally believed me when I actually announced.
They don't like me anymore. It's amazing. They do not like me.
But it's too bad. Too bad. Well, thank you.
You know, the funny thing about The Apprentice – there have been 15 copies of The Apprentice. Every single one of them failed. So then a reporter said to me, "Why do you think that is?" I said "Because I'm special." And I was kidding. I was doing it sarcastically – I mean, I sort of meant it to be honest, right? But I was sort of kidding. And they wrote it and I hated the way it looked in writing. You know, it sounds good when you say it but oh it looks so bad in writing.
But so I had a great experience. So here I am – great schools, great brain, great success, built a great company, do The Apprentice, tremendous success. When I did The Apprentice, a certain critic said "It will never be successful" because you know to have a big hit – a really a number one hit – you have to – and you remember that first season it had one of the highest ratings ever. The finale of The Apprentice? Aye! Remember with the great Bill Rancic. Remember how that was? Incredible. But to have a great success, you have to have women.
And I'll never forget – I saved the article. Right? Like Harry Truman saved it where it said, "Truman loses" and he actually won. Remember? But I saved this article. They said "Trump can never succeed on television because why would women want to watch Donald Trump?" And I said, "Am I so bad? Am I so bad?" Tell me, am I so bad?
And it turned out that women were the biggest base. I mean, those were the ones that liked…So you know I saved those things.
But no matter how you cut it, we can do something so incredible. And honestly, it's going to be hard. It's going to be a lot of work. It's going to be a lot of time. I wouldn't leave the White House. You know, Obama always leaves the White House. Think of it. You're elected President. You're in the White House. Why would you want to leave? I think I'd maybe never leave! How cool is that?
He leaves to go to some place and go fundraisers. I'll try – I don't know maybe there's some rules against it. So maybe I can't. But I'll do the fundraisers in the White House.
He and his wife left – I think one was doing the Ellen show another was doing another show right next door in Burbank, California. They left a couple of hours difference. One took Air Force One; one took a beautiful Boeing 757. Two planes. A little bit different timing going to the same location, going to the same airport to do different shows.
And I say why? Why aren't they flying at least the same plane?
Now, I know what those suckers cost because I happen to have one of them right? So I know what it costs to operate these planes…More importantly, the time and the energy. But I would have said Ellen or I would have said whoever was doing the show, "Let's do it from the White House." This way, I take a half and hour, I go back, I don't spend any money of the taxpayers.
…And you know the funny thing is that whoever the host is would like it better. "We're doing our show live from the White House or something".
So we don't pay any money. We don't have to fuel up Air Force One, which costs you – do you ever see what it costs to travel in these things? With hundreds and hundreds of security and you're closing down Burbank, California.
I mean, every time Obama comes to Manhattan to do a fundraiser, which is often, I say "What's going on? You can't move. They closed down all the streets. They closed down the city."
And he could do it from like Washington. In fact, he could do it in my new hotel that I'm buying which is only a couple of blocks.
…It's true. I'm building this incredible hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue and it's going to be incredible. The Old Post Office. And I actually got it from the Obama administration, which is hard to believe. People say "What's going on? How did Trump get it?"
One of the most heavily sought after buildings in the history of the General Services Administration, which owned it. You know, they're the ones that made the decision. And I got it and we're building this phenomenal hotel – Trump International Hotel – right on Pennsylvania Avenue directly between Congress and the White House. Right? It's going to open just in time – and by the way, listen to this one. We're under budget and ahead of schedule. Do you ever hear that from government? Way under budget.
So we're actually going to be opening and it'll be great. But he can use my hotel. I'll let him use it free. You just come in, use it, go back to the White House. But you don't have to do that.
But you'd say to yourself why – you know, it's a mindset. But more importantly even in the travel, we have so many things that we have to do to straighten out our country. You don't want to waste time. You've got to do this. You've got to make deals.

I've got the greatest deal makers in the world lined up to make deals for us. Carl Icahn – incredible guy. Right? Incredible guy. Great deal maker.
I've got some of the greatest deal makers in the world. They're all calling me too. They said "You didn't ask me."
I have these guys calling me up – the best in the world.
Now, I know the best. I also know guys that are overrated. I know guys that you haven't heard of that honestly are phenomenal. I know a lot that you have heard of that aren't really that good, that are overrated in my opinion.
But they're the best in the world. And they're calling me. They don't want money. They're worth billions of dollars.
But when I put, let's say, Carl Icahn and I'll say "Carl, do me a favor. Handle China." We're going to make a great deal. No, no, we're going to make a great deal because that's what happens. You know, that's what happens.
So, we're going to take back our trade.
If you look at China, if you look at Japan – I was in Los Angeles a few weeks ago. I saw ships – the biggest ships I've ever seen with cars pouring our, pouring out one after another, made in Japan, very nice. Everything's nice. Except that it doesn't help us. When does it help us? When does it help us?
We sell them beef. Beef. And then they don't want it. Because you know, do you ever see what's going on over there? We sell the beef and it goes over there and it's very perishable. So by the time it gets over there, then they turn it over "We don't want it."
They have cars coming from these massive, massive ships. Massive. And they just pour off the ships.
And I say, "What are we doing? How stupid are we? No tax, no nothing."
And I'm a free trader. I believe in free trade. I have to say. But I have to be fair trade.
When you look at Japan, they take in money up here and we give them money down here. We get nothing by comparison. It's like peanuts.
Balance it out, fellows. Balance it out. Got to balance it.
A friend of mine is a great manufacturer. As you know, China has – it's probably the greatest theft in the history of the United States what China has done to us. They've taken our money. They've taken our jobs. They've taken everything. They've taken so much.
And they're creating a bubble and you know interestingly we're so intertwined that now the bubble could take us down if it explodes, which at some point it might.
And we've got to be smart.
I made so much money dealing with China. I made hundreds of millions, probably billions, dealing with China.
The Bank of America building in San Francisco – I own a big chunk of that, which nobody knows. Nobody knows.
You know, all these guys come to Forbes. "Oh, Trump's worth only $5 billion or $4 billion." Or whatever. "He's only worth $5 billion." It's like a bankrupt magazine…They don't even know my numbers. They said, "Well, we haven't been able to look at about 400 of his companies."
So I filed. Interestingly, they said "He'll never run. He'll never run."
…Then I announced. Then they said, "Oh, he'll never file his form whatever." That's a single page where basically you're signing your life away and it has to be done within 14 days of the announcement.
I signed my form. And they said, "Well, he'll never ever put in his financials." And you have like 90 days or something. And they said, "He'll ask for extensions but he'll never show because he's probably not as rich as people think."
But actually I'm much richer and I put in my financials – it's true. It's true.
And Forbes and another group said, "No, no, we don't know what these companies are."
I put in these massive financials, and you know, I was so proud. I might have filed if I wasn't going to run. I wanted to show people. I wanted to brag. It's such a great company I've built.
So they said, "He'll never put in his financials." I put in the financials. And everybody – they're much bigger. It's a much bigger – you know, very little debt, tremendous value. And really great assets. Iconic assets. You know, iconic. Doral, Turnberry in Scotland. I mean, I have some of the greatest real estates in the world. And I'm very proud of it.
But they say, "He'll never file. He'll never file."
Then they see all these companies. And you know, they have boxes. And because it wasn't really meant for somebody like me, and they have these little boxes. They say, "Is it worth or does he make $1 million, from $1 million to $5 million, from $5 million to $10 million, from $10 million to $20 million?" The last box is $50 million or more. $50 million or more.
So like I have a lot of buildings that are worth much more than that. I have a lot of assets that are worth much more than that.
So it says "$50 million or more". So I checked many of them. I don't know how many. I think there's 23 of them. Can you believe it? So I checked like, I don't know, I think it's 23. I could be wrong. Oh, they'll kill me if I'm wrong. But I'm not sure. But I think it's like 23 boxes. $50 million or more.
So you know when some of these guys do to try and always marginalize you? They added up 23 50s. Now, some of the 50s are worth a billion. Some of them are worth more than a billion.

So it says "$50 million or more", I go 50. So they'll take $50 million for a building that might be worth a billion and honestly much more.
And they add them up and they say "Well, he's worth $2.9 billion." It's really – this is the press. And they have no clue. Those statements aren't really meant for me – it's not meant for a guy like me.
But with all of that the statements were so good. They're so good. They're so good.
And you know, one of the things I'm doing and last night was incredible. We had an amazing event in Massachusetts. Right? Oh, look at this, we have a wit- what the hell are you doing in Nashville? What are you doing?
…Anyway, so here I am. I spent millions of dollars during the course on jet fuel. Okay? Like a lot of money on jets.
But somebody puts up a sign $100 to go to this thing. I didn't know who did it. But somebody puts up a sign.
So all over the place, I'm spending millions of dollars. I'm turning down millions. I don't want your money. I don't want your money.
Somebody puts a sign up talking about $100 contribution, which you didn't have to make. But they put it up. It's all over CNN. "Trump is asking for $100."
I fly my plane some place it costs me a fortune. The fuel. The $100. The money that I raised last night, which says it all it goes towards paying off like the expense or something. The guy that had it is a great guy – Ernie. A great guy. Really successful guy. You know him, right? Ernie. He'll sell you a car any day of the week, right?
And you know the guy is – like 2,000 people showed up. Let him get a little deferment of the roast beef or whatever the hell they're serving.
So they put up a sign. I don't want the money. I might like $4 or $5 million. That's hard to turn down. But the hundred dollars times some people and we let the vets there, we let most of the people I think came in free. And I end up with this big story – "Trump accepting contributions".
I can't believe it. I got so angry at my people. Because somebody put up a sign saying $100. And honestly, first of all, it's like peanuts. It doesn't mean anything. But they used to it to try and marginalize. They always do. They always do.
The bottom line is I am self-funding my campaign. I'm self-funding. I don't want to have anybody giving. I don't need money. Now, with that being said, the small money comes in and it's not a lot of money but it's great money. Like Beada might send me some money. Beada will send me some money.
But a woman sent me $7 with a beautiful letter from Georgia. Another person sent me $12. Small money. And some sent me $1,000. But it doesn't amount to a lot. But that I do like coming in because they invest in the campaign.
How do I take the $7 check, right, and send it back to the person who sent it to me from Georgia? "Dear So and So, I'm sorry I don't really want your money." How do you write a letter like that?
I want them to invest in it. You know, but they're not going to tell me not to do this or not to do that for China because they are lobbyists for China and they gave me $5 million.
I had a big lobbyist asked me to have – he wanted to give me $5 million for my campaign. I turned him down. I turned him down.
And then I see this story on CNN last night. It was disgusting. That look there's a sign – $100! Somebody does a sign. It actually was a beautiful sign if you want to know the truth. It was so beautiful. It was beautifully done. And they're doing this big thing about all day long last night about – I said we had this incredible event and they destroyed it by trying to marginalize. And that's the press. That's the media.
Yeah, the criminal media. I mean, there's truth to it. No, because a lot of times they know it's wrong.
But I just want to tell you so important to me and last night it was such an incredible event. It had to be a record for a house. The guy got a beautiful house, got a big lawn, put up a tent. But we had 2,000 people. It had to be a record.
The spirit in that group, the spirit in Alabama, the spirit was so incredible. The spirit in our last meeting in Iowa. Don't forget.
When I went to Iowa and you know what I love? I'm leading with Tea Party. Big. I love Tea Party. I love the Tea Party. Tea Party people, stand up and take a bow. You have not been treated fairly. No, you haven't been treated fairly.
You have not been treated fairly.

You know, people talk about the Tea Party and you talk about marginalizing, at least I have a microphone where I can fight back. You people don't.
The Tea Party people are incredible people. These are people that work hard and they love the country and then they just get beat up all the time by the media. It's disgusting.
And you will be surprised how big you are. You don't know how big you are. You don't know the power that you have. I mean it. You don't know the power that you have.
The Tea Party and you can call it anything that you want. I don't care about names. But the Tea Party has tremendous power.
I talked silent majority. But the silent majority is more than Tea Party. It's Democrats. It's poor people. It's rich people. It's everybody. It's evangelicals.
One of the things that made me so happy – I'm a protestant. I'm a presbyterian. Right? – is that I had a recent poll and they did a beautiful – like these polls are great. You know, guys like Jeb Bush and Hillary, they hire pollsters. They pay them hundreds of thousands of dollars. What do you have to do that for? Every week they come out with a new poll. Right?
Hey, I'm rich. I could hire a hundred poll. I don't want to waste money. You know, why should I pay?
I know in one case…like $150,000 a month. And you know, then they're arrogant guys. They think they're hot stuff and they tell the candidates what to say. "You've got to say this. You've got to be politically correct."
No way. I don't have time to be political. No, it's true. It's true.
I don't have time to be political. You know, it takes a lot of time to be politically correct.
You saw the anchor baby thing. Did you see that with where I'm on? And somebody from…it's the same network – CNN again – he said, "You know the name anchor baby is very insulting?" I said, "What would you call it?" And he gave me like nine words. "A baby of illegal immigrant who was brought to the country to this and that." I said, "How can I say that? It's too long."
It's anchor baby.
And then Bush – Jeb. Jeb Bush gets caught because he is such a nice person. Honestly.
If you want a nice person, honestly you should vote for Jeb. The country is going to go to hell but we won't talk of that. No, no, but if you want a nice person.
So Jeb has a memo that he signed of basically a politically correct memo. You know, don't say this, don't say that. All these things. Pages of stuff.
But one of the things – "Never use the term ‘anchor baby'."
So all of a sudden, he's using the term anchor baby just last week.
And with me, when I use it nobody criticizes me. They expect me. They gave up. Okay?
With him, they killed him. They just killed him. It didn't stop.
And then he blamed it on the Asians. He said, you know – did you see that? And then the New York Times did an editorial "How dare you attack the Asians?"
So he wanted to steer away from the Hispanics. He said, "Well, you know, the Asians come in and they also have anchor babies." And now the Asians all hate him. It's true.
But the Asians love me and I love them. I love them.
So he has a memo and he signs the memo and it says – a couple of years ago – "Don't use this term", and now he's using it because he has to.
Because baby – you know, think of it. Think of it. I want to build a wall. Okay? So easy. So easy. When this clown – Jose Reyes or whatever the hell his name – no, he's a baseball player. Ramos. Actually Jose Reyes is a baseball player. He's a nice baseball player. But when Ramos got up the other day screaming and ranting and going crazy and I had all these reporters. Actually, the reporters were mostly on my side because they all had their hand up but this guy starts screaming.
So I even had liberal people from CBS – I actually said to the CBS guy "Yes?" and this guy stands up and starts screaming.
So when he – and I actually got a lot of credit for the way we handled him. I didn't do anything like – I didn't do anything. Except for the Times. And that's what I alluded to before. The Times said, "Donald Trump railed at him and screamed at him." I didn't scream at him. But he was screaming at me.
And much worse than that, they said I wore a toupee. Can you believe it? I don't wear a toupee, and I proved it – I won't bring anybody up. I won't bring anybody up. But I don't.
But think of it. I'm in the front page of the New York Times and in the first sentence in the first paragraph has this announcer – this Hispanic announcer that nobody ever heard of – saying they called him something which means he wears a toupee. And I don't.

So, I'm on the front page of the New York Times. I can't even talk about it. I'm embarrassed to talk about it.
But they also said, I was essentially screaming at this guy from Univision, who I happen to be suing for $500 million. They didn't mention that.
They also didn't mention that his daughter works for Hillary Clinton. Did you know that? His daughter works for Hillary Clinton. Oh, you didn't know that. Oh. No, they didn't mention that. No, no.
They said I was wearing a toupee and I was screaming but they didn't. No, he's screaming at me.
So we very nicely – and then we let him come back and we actually had a nice talk. He actually seemed like a nice guy after he calmed down a little bit. You know, he's a very emotional man.
But, he said, "You can't build a wall because you can't do it."
So, 2,000 years ago in China – we always get back to China – 2,000 years ago, the Great Wall of China – oh, we'd like to have a wall. This is a serious wall. Okay? This is a wall you don't go through so easy.
They built a wall 2,000 years ago that's 13,000 miles. Think of that. That's a big wall. That's serious wall, right? This was 2,000 years ago. I mean, it took them like 500 years to build it so you know, I got to be a little bit – you know, took a long time. But 13,000 miles that's a long time. They had no tractors. They didn't have Caterpillars.
Of course, today, we use Komatsus because they're made in Japan and you could buy them cheaper. How stupid is that? Because they devalued the yen so much and people are buying Komatsus instead of Caterpillars. Caterpillar's stock is down. It's terrible. We'll change that around. Believe me. Believe me.
But, they build this wall. Now, we have really 15 – I would say – look we have 2,000 miles as opposed to 13,000. But you don't need it on all of it because some you have natural landscaping, some you have a lot of places.
And actually 10 years ago, everybody wanted the wall built. Hillary wanted it built. But they couldn't.
Because I'm a great builder. What I do best is build. I'm not a rendering guy. I do the building and then do the rendering. A lot of these guys come in with renderings and it never gets built. Does that make sense to anybody? I'm the opposite. I get it built.
So, one of the reasons it couldn't get built is because they couldn't get an approved environmental impact study. Do you believe this? No, no, they had certain snail doggers and different things. They couldn't get it. They could not get an environmental impact study approved to build a wall.
And they're killing people. We have illegal immigrants. You see that with Kate in San Francisco. You see it with Jamiel. You see it with so many people.
Last night in Massachusetts I met some unbelievable families that have been devastated by illegal immigrants. They come into this country and kill members of their family.
Last week in California, a 66-year-old veteran – a female, a veteran, 66 – got raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. Raped, sodomized, tortured, and killed. 66-years-old. By an illegal immigrant that they caught, that they caught luckily.
But this is what we have. We have stupid people in our government and we have people pouring across the border. And you know what? We have great border patrol people. I went there. You probably saw that. That's why the hat is so successful. The white one, right?
But I went there, everybody wants to buy the hat. Now they like the white one. Then two weeks later, I wore the red one. The white one didn't sell so well. The red one sells. Crazy thing.
But I went to the border and I got to know the people and I saw people, and you know it's rough stuff, it's rough stuff.
And when I first came in and when I first did my opening statement that I was running for President, I talked about illegal immigration. I was killed by the press.
Rush Limbaugh, who I think is a terrific guy, said "Trump has received more incoming than any human being I've ever seen. Then he goes and has a news conference and I think he's going to apologize and he doubles down."
I got credit. I got credit.
No, they thought I was going to apologize. And I don't mind apologizing but I have to make a mistake to apologize and I was right. No, I was right.
So for two weeks, as Rush said, I took incoming…In fact that was my first two weeks. I said "Is it going to be like this for the next year and a half?" I don't know if I can make it. It was brutal.
Now, many of those people that talked that way, many of those people, they've apologized to me. Everybody says I'm right. And only because of me is everybody talking about illegal immigration. They wouldn't even be talking about it. They wouldn't even be talking about it.

And we're going to build a wall and we're going to get, you know, the gang members in Baltimore and in Chicago and these are some tough dudes. They're going to be out so fast.
One of the first thing I'm going to do is get rid of those gang members. We're going to be – you know, you look at what's going on with Baltimore, you look at what's going on in Chicago and Ferguson and St. Louis the other night. We are going to get rid of those gang members so fast your head will spin.
You know, we can be very tough. I just met your cops outside. Those police are tough cookies. Those guys – we need law and order. We need law and order.
I mean, they allowed – in one night, that first night in Baltimore – they allowed that city to be destroyed. And they set it back 35 years. One night. Because the police were not allowed to protect people. They weren't allowed to protect people.
We have incredible law enforcement in this country and we have to be – the head of the police in Chicago is a person I know. Originally from New York. He's a phenomenal guy. He can stop things if they're allowed to stop them. He can stop it. Believe me.
We have some incredible people. But we have to be tough. We have to be smart.
You know, I know you're going to have some bad apples. You're going to have problems. I see some of the things. You did too and it's disgusting and it's horrible. But that's such a tiny percentage.
The problem is the good work doesn't get shown on television. All of the good work, which is 99.9%.
I mean, the good work with the police. It's 99.9%. That one little thing.
And it's horrible. I agree. I hated some of the things. I don't have to go into them. But you know the same ones because you were sick when you looked at some of them just like I was.
But we need law and order. We need our police. They're great people. They do a phenomenal job. They're right now afraid of doing anything. They're afraid.
I mean, I know cities. I won't mention names but I know cities where police are afraid to even talk to people because they want to be able to retire and have their pension; they don't want to be thrown off the police force.
And then you wonder why there's crimes in our cities.
So we need a whole new mindset. We have to build up our military. We have to make our military so strong. We have to make our military so powerful and so strong that we never have to use it. We never have to use it.
We also have to focus on what we have – look, Ukraine. I want Ukraine to be healthy, vibrant and good. But Ukraine is near Germany and all of these European countries. We're now sending F-22s. That's the newest fighters. The best in the world. We're sending fighters every – Where's Germany? Where are all these European countries? It affects them. It affects them. And we want to stand alongside of them. I agree.
But why are we leading the fight? Putin hates us. He hates Obama. He doesn't hate us. I think he'd like me. I'd get along great with him I think if you want to know the truth. No, he has no respect for our President and our President doesn't like him in all fairness. They don't have good chemistry to put it mildly, would you say. But I'd get along with these people.
Think of it. Every country is ripping us off. Even Russia is ripping us off because in the Iran deal, which is going to go down as one of the worst deals ever, Russia is a big beneficiary because they're going to sell Iran missiles with the money we give to Iran. Think of that.
So one of the biggest beneficiaries is Russia. Okay?
But think of it. So, Ukraine – let's take a few of these things and then I'm getting the hell out of here; I'm going back to New York. Do you mind? Maybe I'll go to the Grand Ole Opry tonight. Can I do that?
I'd actually rather – I love – by the way, this is not a politician speaking. Believe me. I hope. I love country music. I love it. Hey, Trace Adkins – right? And who else won on The Apprentice? Who else? John Rich. My kids love those two guys. John Rich. And who else? Who did really well? Clint Black. Right? Clint Black. He did great. And my Trace – how good is Trace, okay?
You know, Trace came onto The Apprentice. And I said, "Who the hell is he? Who is he?" I didn't know who Trace was. I'd never heard of him. And he wasn't a big name. And he came on – just to show you how important this show is and his record or album or whatever you call it now…it went to number one. And then he came to me the next year…but Trace came to me and he goes – you know, at certain awards show, I won't mention the name – but he said "Last year, I couldn't get into the show and this year I'm hosting it, Mr. Trump, all because of you."
Nice, right? I know, nice.
But those three guys, they're great and they're just fantastic people.
But we've got to make our country so strong. We have to make our country rich again.
A person came up and said, "Oh, that's not nice." What's not nice? They said rich, you know, to say we're going to make our country rich.

We can't make our country great if we're going to be poor. We're a debtor nation. We owe $19 trillion.
China – think of this – China we owe $1.4 trillion to. So they come in, they take our jobs, they take our money, they take our base, they take our manufacturing and we owe them $1.4 trillion. How do you do that? That's like a magic act. Right? It's true.
Japan sells us cars by the millions. They make a fortune. They come in, they sell us cars by the millions. And we owe them the exact same amount. We owe them $1.4 trillion. How come if they're selling us cars we owe them money? Think of it. Put on your business. See? I have a natural instinct for this stuff. Right? You know? Right?
If we buy all these cars, why do we owe them money? But we owe them because they take all our money that they make and they buy our bonds. And we're paying interests on them and we owe them money.
So, it'll change. It can change. It's not even going to be hard.
People don't realize. See, Obama never read the Art of the Deal. People don't realize.
Oh, and somebody said Sharon. It was Sharon. Where's Sharon? She gave me such a hard time. Where's Sharon? Where the hell is she? You could have both Sharons stand up actually. Where are they? Both of them. Sharon is great. Oh, did they go after her…She took a lot of incoming. Sharon, did you take a lot of incoming? I think so. Right? Thank you, darling.
So, we are going to do something that if I get elected – and again they said I'll never run and now…One guy said – John McLaughlin – you ever watch the McLaughlin Report? I like him.
And one of the people on the little group said Donald Trump is a great businessman but he'll never make it as a President. He'll never get elected. He'll never make it. And John McLaughlin – this crusty guy who I like; I don't know him. I never met him, I don't think. But I like. He's sitting there and he goes – and he got angry – he goes "Why wouldn't he make it? You tell me why. He's been a tremendous success in everything he's done. I go all over the world. I see him name. I see his name all over. He's a great success."
And he said – I think this is the word – "He's a man of great achievement. Why wouldn't he make it?"
And I thought it was so nice and the other guy just sort of shut up. You know, because you need somebody of great achievement.
You need – I've produced tens of thousands of jobs over the year. I don't have to worry about Obamacare. I take such good care of my employees. I have thousands of employees. I take good care of them. We have great plans. My employees are lucky. They hit the lotto, okay? But I take great care – education and health care – and my people are very happy.
But I've done this for a long time, and I've seen ups and downs. I've seen market crashes. I've seen friends of mine go bankrupt. You've never seen – I've never gone bankrupt. By the way, I've used the laws to my advantage and companies.
I buy a company. I throw it into a chapter. I negotiate with banks. I kill. You know. And then they say "Trump goes bankrupt." These people – they don't have any –

Now, when other people do that, when a Carl does it – I mean, they do it all the time. They use it all the time. It's called using your head. It's called using the laws.
Actually I did a good job didn't I at the debate when Chris Matthews so angrily said – I do what every other great businessman does.
I buy a company – you know, it's one company was sort of interesting. A friend of mine had it. Good guy. And the banks were just killing him. They were mean. And banks can be mean, right?
You've got to teach them how to behave, right?
So this guy was just getting beaten. And I did him a favor and I called up the banks. And I said "Do me this, do this, do this, do that." They said, "We won't do that. No, we won't do that."
I said, "You're making a mistake." Anyways, it's sort of a little bit complicated…I bought it. Immediately, I called them back and said, "Don't do this." I threw it into a chapter. And they come out with the story "Trump files bankruptcy". Can you believe it? I negotiated it to hell. What I did to that bank – ayeyeye.
They see me walking down the street and they go "Hey, hey, hey." But then I'm good at that stuff, you know? I'm really good at that stuff.
But you have to use the laws to your advantage. No, no, you have to use it to your advantage.
Atlantic City. You know, you look at Atlantic City. Caesar's went bankrupt. Whoever heard of Caesar's? Caesar's filed Chapter 11. Nobody cares. Everybody in Atlantic City. I had the good sense seven years ago and actually the financial media gives me great credit because I have a vision for things.
I said, "Don't go into Iraq" even though I'm a very militaristic person. I said "Don't go into Iraq" and they shouldn't have because I said you're going to destabilize the Middle East. So what did we get – $2 trillion. Thousands of deaths. Thousands. Like 5,000. Wounded warriors who I love all over the place.
We can't even go there. Iran is taking over Iraq. With the money that we're giving them, they're going to take off and they're going to get the oil, they're going to get everything. The oil they don't get ISIS is getting. What do we get? Nothing. We get nothing. We got far less than nothing.
So I had vision in 2004 – Reuters – actually it was before that but they wrote a story. Trump says don't do Iraq.
Now, I'm much more militaristic than Bush, even the brother. But you got to know where to use it and when. You got to use.
So with Atlantic City, seven years ago, I got out. That's called vision. I should get credit for vision.
And again, this isn't bragging. Normally, I wouldn't say this but I need your fricking votes. Do you understand that? Do you understand that?
I mean, normally I wouldn't. So I got great credit. I got out.
But most of the places in Atlantic City are either in trouble or they're bankrupt. They went bankrupt.
But I made a lot of money in Atlantic City. I had a great time in Atlantic City but they asked me a nasty question, I gave a great answer. I thought. So I think I solved it.
Listen, we are going to do things that are going to make you so proud if I win.
We are going to have victories again. We are going to win.
In fact, last night in front of the audience and I've never said this before. Last night in front of the audience I said we're going to have so many victories.
And then I said we're going to win here. We're going to win on trade.
We're going to win militarily in terms of not having wars but just having such great strength that nobody's going to play with us. Nobody's going to mess with us. Okay? Nobody.
And we're going to have victories. So many victories that are going to be coming out…In fact, you might get tired of victories. You may not want anymore…And everyone stood up and said "No, no, no, we want to keep winning."
If I win, we will have victories all over. We will win on trade. We will win on health care. We will win on everything.
I will protect your Social Security without cuts. I will protect your Medicare and your Medicaid. We are going to have something that's so special.
And you know, my whole fame is and I'll say it once. We will make America truly great again.
And thank you very much. Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much!

Thank you, everybody. Great honor. Great honor, thank you. This is a wonderful day. On a Saturday morning yet. Isn't that nice? Thank you, all. And we're going to have an incredible convention. It's really going well. We're going to have an incredible convention. And we're going to get things solved, and we're going to do lots of wonderful things for our country, most importantly.
So I'm here today to introduce the man who will be my partner in this campaign, and the White House, to fix our rigged system - we are in a rigged, rigged system - and to make America safe again and to make America great again.
I want to also address the Islamic terror attack in France. We've witnessed horror beyond belief, no matter where you look. And now it's happening more and more. And it's never going to stop.
We need new leadership. We need new thinking. We need strength. We need in our country law and order. And if I'm elected president, that will happen.
I want to express our unyielding support for the people of France, and we mourn their loss as a nation.
And as far as Turkey is concerned, so many friends in Turkey, great people, amazing people. We wish them well. It looks like they're resolving the difficulty, but we wish them well. A lot - a lot of anguish last night, but hopefully it'll all work out.
Now, as, hopefully, the next president of the United States, I want to refer back to what's happened over the years. The Middle East today is more unstable than ever before. Never been like this. Out of control. After four years of Clinton, who really led the way and led Obama down a horrible path, because I don't even think he could have made these decisions so badly, she led him right down a horrible path. He didn't know what he was doing.
Iraq, Syria, all into chaos. And Iran is on a path to nuclear weapons. And on top of that, we gave them back $150 billion, and we didn't get our hostages until the end. Now we're seeing unrest in Turkey, a further demonstration of the failures of Obama-Clinton. You just have to look, every single thing they touched has turned to horrible, horrible, death-defying problems.
We also need to bring back in this country - because we see what happened - our industry, our manufacturing, our jobs. They've been taken away, like we're babies. Taken away. And we're going to bring them back.
I found the leader who will help us deliver a safe society and a prosperous - really prosperous society for all Americans. Indiana Governor Mike Pence was my first choice. I've admired the work he's done, especially in the state of Indiana. And I'm going to go over some of those accomplishments in just a minute.
But I also admire the fact that he fights for the people, and he's going to fight for you. He is a solid, solid person.
Governor Pence served Indiana with distinction in Congress. He rose to leadership and served as the chairman of the entire House Republican Conference. Number one. He's really got the skills of a highly talented executive, leading the state of Indiana to jobs, growth, and opportunity, in spite of the relentless obstacles put in his way and every state's way by the Obama administration. It's horrible out there. High taxes and regulations. And it's out of control.
Mike Pence is a man of honor, character, and honesty. We know that. Hillary Clinton is the embodiment of corruption. She's a corrupt person. What she's done with her e-mails, what she's done with so many things, and I see the ads up all the time, the ads. She's totally bought and paid for by Wall Street, the special interests, the lobbyists, 100 percent. She's crooked Hillary.
And I think that, while she got away with murder, in fact, I think it might be her greatest accomplishment, escaping the recent scandal, and her lies, and the loss of 33,000 e-mails - but it wasn't a loss, she discarded - that in itself is a major crime. Other people have been paying tremendous prices for what they've done, which is peanuts compared to what happened with Hillary Clinton.
Thirty-three thousand e-mails are missing, and that's OK? Didn't give them to the FBI? Didn't give them to the attorney general, and that's OK? Wipes her server clean, that's OK? These are crimes. These are crimes. And how she got away with it, I think I understand it, but I think a lot of people don't.
But I do believe, while she didn't pay the price she should have paid, she's going to pay that price when November 8th rolls around. She's going to pay it at the polls. I believe that.
On top of everything else, Hillary made $21.6 million giving speeches to special interests in a short period of time. She's totally owned by Wall Street. We believe in Americanism; she believes in globalism. And it's not that she believes in it. The people that give her all of this money believe in it. And she'll believe in whatever they want her to believe. Believe me. That's it.
What a difference between crooked Hillary Clinton and Mike Pence.
Mike Pence will never be afraid to speak the name of our enemy: Radical Islam. Radical Islamic terrorism. You saw it the other day with the truck screaming out the window. You heard what he was screaming out the window. You saw it in San Bernardino. You saw it at the World Trade Center. You saw it in Orlando. How horrible was that? You saw it in Paris. You see it all over.
And Hillary is a weak person. We are the law and order candidates, and we're the law and order party. We're going to change things around. There's going to be respect again for law and order.
Hillary Clinton's foreign policy helped launch ISIS. You know, she's talking - I see the ads she puts on. If I make one statement, which is fine, she'll take that statement and put on a totally dishonest ad, because she's got a lot of money because it's given to her by the lobbyists and by the special interests. Got a lot of money.
But I see the ads on foreign policy. She's talking about Donald Trump doesn't have foreign policy experience. Of course not. I've been a very, very, very successful businessperson. I mean - but - but if you look at my calls, I said, don't go into Iraq. Nobody cared, because I was a businessperson. I was a civilian. Take the oil. Many, many calls I've made.
You take a look. I said that in Scotland and in the U.K., that was going to happen. I was the one that predicted it. And everybody said, he's wrong, he's wrong. President Obama said, if it happens, they're going to get to the back of the line, which probably is one of the reasons they lost, because I consider it a win. I think it was a win for them, actually, because they don't want to be told what to do. And they don't want to be told that when people pour into the country, they have to take them even if they're not qualified, even if they don't have paperwork, even if they have no idea where they come from.
And I said that Brexit's going to happen. I said that they are going to break away. And everybody laughed at me. And the odds were 20 percent. And then when it happened, she took an ad saying, oh, Donald Trump said this or that, but I'm the one that said it was going to happen. And some of the more fair reporters - about 30 percent of them - said he was right. I appreciate that. Seventy percent didn't, so that's OK.
So Mike Pence will never be afraid to speak the name of our enemy. So important. Now, I think if you look at one of the big reasons that I chose Mike - and one of the reasons is party unity, I have to be honest. So many people have said party unity. Because I'm an outsider. I want to be an outsider. I think it's one of the reasons I won in landslides. I won in landslides. This wasn't close. This wasn't close.
Now, this wasn't close. This was - in the history of the Republican Party, history, with 17 people running, you have to understand, other people ran against one, two, and three. There were 17. We got - I say we, because I'm the messenger, I'm a messenger - I'm doing a good job, but I'm a messenger - we got almost 14 million votes. That's more than any other person in the history of the Republican Party in the primary system running for president.
Think of it. That's more than Ronald Reagan, who we love. That's more than Richard Nixon. It's more than Dwight D. Eisenhower. You know, he won the Second World War, in all fairness. Pretty good. It's more than the Bushes.
But I mean by a lot. I don't mean by a little. But that's with 17 people. People don't over-say that. That means our message is unbelievable. And I want to thank all of the loyal people - because I have such loyal, unbelievable people, and they displayed that just yesterday in Cleveland, where it's going to be so amazing.
But they displayed it. It was on display, where we had this group of people, who - many of whom I've known, and I won't say, because for party unity, I'll say they're wonderful people, OK? Never Trump, they said, never Trump, never Trump. Oh, we're going to win. They got crushed. And they got crushed immediately, because people want what we're saying to happen.
They're tired of a country that has horrible trade deals, that has no borders, that has taxes that are through the roof, highest taxed nation just about in the world, that has regulations that don't allow you to start a business and destroy your business if you do start - and, by the way, speaking of destroying businesses, we're going to take care of the miners and we're going to take care of the steelworkers. We're going to put them back to work.
So they're very tired of it. But I want to thank all of those people that - delegates that were on the different committees, because, boy, was that something. Did we show them something. And unfortunately, the vote was very late. But essentially, we had 112- 12. This was the vote that was going to put it onto the floor and we're going to have a big fight. We're not going to have a fight. People agree with what we've - they want the wall. They want the borders. They want these things to happen.
And what we're doing...
And what we're doing that I'm so proud of, so proud - and nobody else would even think about doing it - I fought very hard for it. We'll call it the Johnson amendment, where he took away from the evangelicals - and I want to thank the evangelicals, because without the evangelicals, I could not have won this nomination. The evangelicals have been unbelievable. I dominated with the evangelicals. A lot of people were surprised. They say he's not perfect. But you know what? They know I'm going to get the job done, and they're really smart.
And I said - and I said for the evangelicals, that we're going to do something that nobody's even tried to do. You have the Johnson amendment passed by Lyndon Johnson and his group. And he was a powerful president. He knew how to get things done. He got bogged down in a war that was a disaster and it destroyed him. But he was a powerful president.
And we call it the Johnson amendment, where you are just absolutely shunned if you're evangelical, if you want to talk religion, you lose your tax-exempt status. We put into the platform, we're going to get rid of that horrible Johnson amendment. And we're going to let evangelicals, we're going to let Christians and Jews and people of religion talk without being afraid to talk.
I saw this. I had so many great leaders so many times up to my office, the top - the absolute top evangelical leaders, Christian leaders, Jewish leaders, believe it or not, some Muslim leaders - people are going to be surprised to hear that - I had the top leaders up to my office, and I said, why is it that you're so powerful as an individual, and yet when you get out there, you're sort of timid?
And they didn't know how to answer the question. And it took two, three meetings before I figured it out. One great, great gentleman that everybody knows, but whose name I will not reveal, said, Mr. Trump, we live in fear in our churches and our synagogues. We live in fear that we're going to lose our tax-exempt status if we say anything that's even slightly political.
And I looked out the window. I was in Trump Tower, and I pointed to people walking down the street. I said, well, they have the right to speak, but you don't. That means they're more powerful than you are. We have to do something about it. How did it start? How did it start?
And they said, it started because of Lyndon Johnson. And he actually had a problem in Texas with a certain religious leader. And he did this, and he got it done. And we're going to undo it, so that religious leaders in this country, and those unbelievable people, and not because they backed me in such large numbers, but so that religion can again have a voice, because religion's voice has been taken away. And we're going to change that. OK? All right.
Back to Mike Pence. So one of the primary reasons I chose Mike was I looked at Indiana, and I won Indiana big. Remember, Indiana was going to be the firewall. That's where Trump was going to - they agreed I'd win New York, I'd win Pennsylvania, I'd win all these places. But Indiana was going to be the firewall.
So I got to study Indiana, and I got to study New York and a lot of other places, and I saw how NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has drained our manufacturing jobs, just drained us like we've never been drained before. NAFTA, again, signed by Bill Clinton. NAFTA is the worst economic deal in the history of our country. Manufacturing down in some states 55 percent, 60 percent. It's a horror show, moving to Mexico, moving to other places.
I have a friend who's a great builder. What he builds is plants. That's all he does, is build plants. He doesn't build buildings. He doesn't - he builds plants. It's the biggest in the world, from what I hear.
I said, how's business? I was with him the other day. How's business? He goes unbelievable. I said, really, wow, I'm surprised. Why is it unbelievable? Because I think of him as building in this country. He says, Donald, what we're doing in Mexico, you won't believe. I said, what do you mean? He said, we're building plants in Mexico the likes of which we've never seen.
I said, what about this country? Not much. Not much. That's the expression. He said exactly that. Not much. I said, but Mexico? He said, you've never seen anything like it. It's incredible.
Folks, that's going to stop. We're going to go reverse it. We're going to bring our jobs back to this country. We can't be the stupid people anymore. OK?
And he was better than a pollster. He's better than a consultant. I would say, how are we doing? And you get a big report that costs you millions of dollars. Doesn't cost me millions. Me, I give them $10,000, OK?
It costs other people millions. It costs other campaigns millions to get a report. Every time they get a report, it's millions. But I'll tell you what, a guy like this is better than anybody you can hire to do a report. And he said it. He didn't say it from the standpoint of he's upset about it. Just fact. How are we doing? Unbelievable in Mexico. In fact, he actually said, I've never, ever seen anything like it.
And if you look, Ford is building massive plants there instead of Michigan. We want them to build them in Michigan. They're going to build them in Michigan. And you know that I know how to do that. So easy. So easy.
But they're not going to do and they're not going to take advantage of us without retribution. There are consequences when you fire thousands of people and move to another country and then think you're going to you're your product and sell it in here. There are consequences. And those consequences are going to keep companies in our country. It's very simple. And everybody here knows what the consequences are, but I won't say that because I'm much more interested right now in Mike.
Indiana's unemployment rate - and this is the primary reason I wanted Mike, other than he looks very good, other than he's got an incredible family, incredible wife and family - Karen is amazing.
Incredible family. Highly respected. Expected to go for another four years. He would have won, I think, very easily in Indiana. Indiana, their unemployment rate has fallen, when he was there, when he started, 8.4 percent when he was governor, when he took over, to less than 5 percent in May of 2016. Since January 2013, Indiana's labor force has increased by more than 186,000 jobs. You have to understand, I've gone around to all these states. I've gone to all of them. And every time, I have statisticians. I say give me the stats on a state.
And it's always bad, down, down, down. Down 40 percent, 50 percent, 60 percent in some cases. Here's somebody where it's gone up. Private sector job growth is up by more than 147,000 jobs since 2013. That's like very unusual.
Governor Pence balanced the budget. Can you imagine a balanced budget? Our budget's so out of whack in this country, we don't know what we're doing. We're going to owe very soon $21 trillion. He balanced the budget. They don't know what that means. Governor Pence balanced the budget, produced a surplus, and maintains a $2 billion reserve fund in the state of Indiana.
It's also rated AAA, their bonds are rated AAA. Very few states have that. AAA. The best. That's as good as you can get, whether you're a company, a state, AAA.
Indiana was recently recognized by Chief Executive Magazine as the number-one state in the Midwest for business. Number one. And it's not even close. There are approximately 34,000 fewer Hoosiers on unemployment insurance now than there were when Mike Pence took office. So you have fewer Hoosiers, fewer people from Indiana.
And besides that, Bobby Knight, my friend, who really did help me. I mean, if you want a reference, Bobby Knight in Indiana, we love Bobby Knight. But he agrees with everything I'm saying. He loves the governor.
Indiana has the second-lowest unemployment rate in the nation, for veterans, where nobody's fighting for the veterans like I'm fighting for the veterans, the veterans have been left behind.
If you remember a few months ago, Hillary Clinton said really - they're doing much better, the V.A. is much better. They're doing a much better job than people give it credit for. People are dying on line waiting for five, six days for doctors. People are dying on - they can't even see a doctor. It's a scandal.
Take a look at what's happening with the V.A. in Arizona. Take a look at what's happening with - you know, just the Veterans Administration hospitals. It's a scandal. It's corrupt. It's incompetent. It's a scandal. And Hillary Clinton thought it was just fine. And, boy, am I going to win big with the veterans. I mean, we know that for a fact.
So it's now 2.4 percent for veterans. In 2013, when Mike Pence took office, the rate for veterans was 6.7 percent. It was 31st in the nation, one of the bad ones, and now it's almost the best. Got them jobs. Got them jobs.
Indianapolis is ranked second in top 10 metro areas for young college graduates. That's a great thing. They're going to stay there. That's a great thing. And Mike worked hard on that. He was telling me, that was not easy.
Under Governor Pence's leadership, Indiana enacted the largest K- 12 education funding increase in the state's history. So you're balancing budgets, and yet you're giving more money to education. Isn't that a great thing?
Indiana has just about the largest school choice program in America. School choice is where it's at, folks. You want to get your schools better, you better get rid of Common Core fast.
Governor Pence enacted the largest income tax cut in the state's history. Think of that. We're cutting taxes and balancing budgets. And along with corporate tax reform, just about number one in the country. CNBC ranked Indiana first in the nation for its infrastructure.
So with all of these cuts and all of these balancing budgets, we're spending more money on education, and the infrastructure is kept up. That had so much - look, as a builder, nobody in the history of this country has ever known so much about infrastructure as Donald Trump. I build infrastructure. Do I know how to build a wall? Do I know how to build infrastructure?
You know, it's very interesting. We're building - we're building - I won the - which is pretty amazing with the Obama administration, but I won the right to have the old post office building on Pennsylvania Avenue, right near the White House, and it's an amazing - probably the best location, one of the most sought after projects in the history of the GSA, General Services. And I really like what's happened.
We're going to have an opening very soon. Ivanka and Eric and Don did a fantastic job on it.
But I thought the other day, I was going over the numbers, we're under budget and about a year - actually more than a year - we're a year ahead of schedule, and we're under budget substantially. And the quality of the work is even better than we originally were going to do.
And when I explained to a government representative that we're under budget and ahead of schedule, they almost fell off, because they've never heard those words before. They've never heard them.
So when I see what happened to Indiana, which was having tremendous problems, when I see what happened to Indiana under Mike's work - also his predecessor did a great job, by the way, great job, who's now at Duke - who's now at Purdue - when I see what happened with respect to the numbers, the state, and everything else, that, to me, was probably the single most important point, because it's something that hasn't happened - almost has not happened in this whole country.
The turnaround and the strength of Indiana has been incredible, and I learned that when I campaigned there. And I learned that when I won that state in a landslide. And I learned that when Governor Pence, under tremendous pressure from establishment people, endorsed somebody else, but it was more of an endorsement for me, if you remember. He talked about Trump, then he talked about Ted - who's a good guy, by the way, who's going to be speaking at the convention, Ted Cruz, good guy - but he talked about Trump, Ted, then he went back to Trump. I said, who did he endorse?
So even though he was under pressure, because I'm so, you know, outside of the establishment, it was the single greatest non- endorsement I've ever had in my life, OK? I will tell you.
So with that, I would like to introduce a man who I truly believe will be outstanding in every way and will be the next vice president of the United States, Governor Mike Pence. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.

7/12/2016
WOW. WOW! [ CHEERING ] WHOA! THAT'S A LOT OF PEOPLE. THAT'S A LOT OF PEOPLE. THANK YOU, EVERYBODY. THANK YOU. ALL RIGHT. LET'S TURN THAT MUSIC DOWN. WE WANT TO GET TO BUSINESS, RIGHT? GET TO BUSINESS. HOW IS YOUR GOVERNOR DOING, BY THE WAY? GOOD? I THINK SO. I THINK SO. I JUST WANT TO THANK ALL OF THE PEOPLE OF INDIANA. YOU KNOW, WE HAD A GREAT VICTORY HERE NOT SO LONG AGO. AND INDIANA WAS THE STATE THAT PUT ME OVER THE TOP. THANK YOU, FOLKS. THANK YOU. [ CHEERING ] WELL, WE HAVE A LOT OF THINGS TO DISCUSS, BUT WE HAD SOME VERY BAD NEWS A FEW DAYS AGO, AND YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED. A LOT OF BAD THINGS ARE HAPPENING. AND I WAS GOING TO GO THROUGH A WHOLE LITANY OF THAT, BUT WE DON'T WANT TO. WE WANT TO BE UPBEAT. WE WANT TO BE POSITIVE. WE WANT TO BE STRONG. AND WE'RE GOING TO BE STRONG. WE'RE GOING TO BE STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE. WE'RE GOING TO BE GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE. WE'RE GOING TO BRING OUR JOBS BACK. WE'RE GOING BRING OUR MILITARY BACK. IT'S BEING DEPLETED SO BADLY. WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR VETERANS, WHICH WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF. WE'RE GOING TO GET RID OF OBAMACARE, WHICH IS A DISASTER. [ CHEERING ] AND REPLACE IT WITH SOMETHING TERRIFIC. WE END COMMON CORE. WE BRING OUR EDUCATION BACK TO THE LOCAL COMMUNITIES LIKE THIS LOCAL COMMUNITY WHERE THE PEOPLE LOVE THEIR CHILDREN AND THEY WANT TO SEE THEIR CHILDREN BE WELL EDUCATED. IT'S SO IMPORTANT. WE'RE GOING TO SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. WE'RE GOING TO SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. AND IT'S UNDER SIEGE. YOU KNOW, I WROTE A FEW WORDS TODAY. AND I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT THAT WE GO THROUGH IT AS A GROUP. IT'S BEEN A SPECIAL PLACE AND YOU'RE SPECIAL PEOPLE. AND I KNOW SO MANY PEOPLE TONIGHT IN THE AUDIENCE. AND YOU'RE ALL OVER. LOOK AT ALL THOSE CAMERAS UP THERE, FOLKS. LOOK AT ALL THOSE CAMERAS. THEY DON'T STOP. THEY DON'T STOP. BUT I JUST WANTED TO SAY I WROTE THIS QUICKLY, BUT IT MEANS IT CAME RIGHT FROM THE HEART. AND I HAVE TO SAY THAT OUR WHOLE NATION GRIEVES AND MOURNS FOR THE LOSS OF FIVE HEROS IN DALLAS, LAW ENFORCEMENT. THESE WERE GREAT, GREAT PEOPLE. GREAT PEOPLE. [ APPLAUSE ] WE PRAY FOR THEIR FAMILIES. WE PRAY FOR THEIR LOVED ONES. WE PRAY FOR ALL THE WOUNDED SURVIVORS. WE PRAY FOR OUR COUNTRY. IT'S SO IMPORTANT. THE POLICE ARE NOT JUST PART OF OUR SOCIETY. OUR POLICE ARE THE BEST OF OUR SOCIETY. REMEMBER THAT. WE HAVE TO REMEMBER THAT. THEY REPRESENT OUR HIGHEST IDEALS, OUR GREATEST VALUES, AND OUR MOST NOBLE CHARACTERISTICS. WHEN OUR POLICE ARE ATTACKED, OUR ENTIRE NATION IS ATTACKED. REMEMBER THAT. REMEMBER THAT. SO THE MESSAGE MUST BE DELIVERED CLEARLY FOR ALL TO HEAR, THE HOSTILITY AGAINST OUR POLICE HAS TO END, AND IT HAS TO END RIGHT NOW. AND WE HAVE TO SAY TOGETHER, AND WE HAVE TO BE STRONG. WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF EVERYONE. THE TWO PEOPLE THAT WERE KILLED IN LOUISIANA AND MINNESOTA, IT WAS TOUGH. IT WAS TOUGH TO WATCH FOR EVERYBODY HERE IT WAS TOUGH TO WATCH. WE HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT. WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT WHAT IS GOING ON. WAS IT TRAINING? WAS IT SOMETHING ELSE? IT COULD HAVE BEEN SOMETHING ELSE. WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF EVERYBODY. REMEMBER THAT. BUT WE HAVE TO ALSO -- WE HAVE TO GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THINGS. WE HAVE TO. BUT WE CAN NEVER, EVER FORGET THE HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF GREAT DEALS AND GREAT THINGS THAT OUR POLICE ALL OVER THE COUNTRY DO, AND NOBODY RECOGNIZES THEM FOR WHAT THEY DO. AND WHEN THERE IS A PROBLEM, AS BAD AS THESE TWO SITUATIONS WERE, AND I PERSONALLY THINK THEY WERE, THEY WERE BAD. I HATED, I HATED WATCHING IT. BUT AS BAD AS THEY WERE, THEY GET BROADCAST ALL OVER THE WORLD FOR DAYS AND DAYS, AND ALL OF THE GOOD THINGS WHICH ARE MAGNIFIED THOUSANDS OF TIMES, NOBODY TALKS ABOUT. SO WE HAVE TO REMEMBER, WE HAVE TO CHERISH AND TAKE CARE OF OUR POLICE. IF WE DON'T, IF WE DON'T, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY ANYMORE. WE HAVE A COUNTRY IN CHAOS. AND REMEMBER THIS. AND I SAY IT ONCE, AND I SAY IT WITH LOVE, AND I SAY IT WITH COMPASSION. BECAUSE I HAVE LOVE FOR OUR COUNTRY, AND I HAVE GREAT COMPASSION FOR OUR PEOPLE IN OUR COUNTRY. BUT I AM THE LAW AND ORDER CANDIDATE. WE NEED LAW AND ORDER, AND WE NEED STRENGTH IN THIS COUNTRY. WE DON'T HAVE STRENGTH IN OUR COUNTRY. WE HAVE CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON, AS CROOKED AS YOU GET. I MEAN, YOU SAW THAT WITH THE E-MAILS. IT'S A RIGGED SYSTEM, FOLKS. IT'S A RIGGED SYSTEM. JUST REMEMBER IT. IT'S A RIGGED SYSTEM. IT'S RIGGED IN SO MANY DIFFERENT WAYS. WE'RE GOING TO STRAIGHTEN IT OUT. YOU CAN'T EVEN WATCH WHAT HAPPENS. WE HAD A YOUNG MAN WHO DID NOTHING BY COMPARISON TO WHAT SHE DID, AND HE WARNED HIS FRIENDS OF A PROBLEM THAT WAS COMING MILITARILY. AND THEY CAME DOWN ON HIM WITH A VENGEANCE. AND THEY LET HER GO. 33,000 MISSING E-MAILS. THEY LET HER GO. LIES ALL OVER THE PLACE. AND THEY LET HER GO. THINK OF IT. IT'S A DISGRACE. SO WE'RE GOING TO GET ON TO OTHER SUBJECTS. BUT I HAVE TO SAY LAW ENFORCEMENT HAS TO REMAIN WITH US. WE HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF OUR POLICE AND OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS. WE'RE GOING TO DO IT. WE'RE GOING TO CONTINUE TO DO IT. WE'RE GOING REMEMBER THAT THEY DO A FABULOUS JOB. WE'RE GOING TO REMEMBER THAT THEY DO A GREAT JOB. AND EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE, PROBLEMS WILL HAPPEN. AND WE'RE GOING TAKE CARE OF THOSE PROBLEMS. AND THEY CAN BE BAD PROBLEMS. BUT WE ARE GOING TO TREAT OUR POLICE WITH RESPECT. REMEMBER THAT. OKAY? NOW I'M LOOKING AT DIFFERENT RATES AND DIFFERENT CRIMES. AND YOU SEE THE CRIME RATE IN LARGE PORTIONS OF OUR COUNTRY IS GOING WAY UP. YOU LOOK AT CERTAIN INNER CITIES, AND LOOK AT CHICAGO. LOOK AT WHAT IS GOING ON. SINCE PRESIDENT OBAMA BECAME PRESIDENT, ALMOST 5,000 KILLINGS IN CHICAGO. AND NOBODY TALKS ABOUT IT. WELL, WE'RE GOING TO START TALKING ABOUT IT. BECAUSE WE HAVE TO MAKE THIS A SAFE COUNTRY. AND, YOU KNOW, I WOULD SAY TWO WEEKS AGO, A MONTH AGO, I WOULDN'T BE SAYING THESE WORDS. I WAS TALKING ABOUT THE BORDER. I WAS TALKING ABOUT THE WALL. AND WE WILL BUILD THE WALL. THAT I CAN TELL YOU. I CAN TELL YOU. WE'RE GOING TO BUILD IT. DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT. ARE YOU READY? WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE WALL?
 I DON'T HEAR YOU. WHO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE WALL?
AND THEY WILL. VERY MUCH. THEY WILL. 100%. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? THEY'LL BE HAPPY TO PAY FOR THE WALL. WE HAVE A TRADE DEFICIT WITH MEXICO THAT YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE. BILLIONS AND BILLIONS AND BILLIONS OF DOLLARS A YEAR. WE'RE LOSING ON THE BORDER. WE'RE LOSING ON TRADE. AND WHEN I WAS IN THE DEBATES AND I MENTIONED THIS, PEOPLE WOULD COME UP THAT I WAS DEBATING AGAINST, AND THEY USED TO SAY DONALD, YOU'RE NOT REALLY GOING TO BUILD A WALL, ARE YOU? I SAY ABSOLUTELY. THEY SAY BUT YOU CAN'T BUILD A WALL. BUT I'M IN THE CONSTRUCTION. YOU KNOW HOW EASY A WALL IS? A WALL. WE BUILD 95-STORY BUILDINGS WITH BATHROOMS. THAT'S TOUGH CONSTRUCTION, NOT A WALL. WALLS DON'T HAVE BATHROOMS. AND BATHROOMS ARE ALWAYS TOUGH. BUT WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A VERY BIG BEAUTIFUL GATE IN THAT WALL, BIG AND BEAUTIFUL. AND THAT GATE IS GOING TO BE OPEN. AND IT'S GOING TO BE WIDE OPEN FOR PEOPLE TO COME INTO OUR COUNTRY, BUT THEY'RE GOING TO COME INTO OUR COUNTRY LEGALLY. THEY'RE GOING TO COME IN LEGALLY. AND THERE ARE GOING TO BE PEOPLE THAT LOVE OUR COUNTRY. THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BE PEOPLE THAT HATE OUR COUNTRY. THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BE PEOPLE THAT WE DON'T KNOW WHERE THEY COME FROM. THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BE PEOPLE THAT COME FROM THE MIGRATION THAT DON'T HAVE PAPERWORK, THAT DON'T HAVE PASSPORTS, THAT WE HAVE NO IDEA WHERE THEY'RE FROM. WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEIR MOTIVES ARE. WE'RE GOING TO SAY NO. SORRY. NO. AND WE'LL HELP. AND IN SYRIA, WE'LL BUILD SAFE ZONES, AND WE'LL GET OTHER PEOPLE TO PUT UP THE MONEY, BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO OWE VERY SOON 20 TRILLION, TRILLION WITH A T. NOBODY EVEN KNOWS WHAT IT MEANS. WE'RE GOING TO OWE -- RIGHT NOW, CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS? $20 TRILLION. SOON GOING TO $21 TRILLION. SO WE'RE GOING GET THE GULF STATES WHO HAVE SO MUCH MONEY, FOLKS. SO MUCH MONEY. AND WE'RE GOING TO GET THEM TO PUT UP THE MONEY AND OTHERS. AND WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF PEOPLE. AND WE'RE GOING HAVE COMPASSION. BUT WE CAN'T ALLOW THEM TO COME INTO OUR COUNTRY. WE HAVE ENOUGH PROBLEMS RIGHT NOW. YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENED IN ORLANDO. YOU SEE WHAT HAPPENED IN SAN BERNARDINO. WE CAN'T ALLOW IT TO HAPPEN. SO WE'RE GOING TO BUILD SAFE ZONES. WE'RE GOING TAKE CARE OF PEOPLE. WE'RE GOING TO HAVE OTHER PEOPLE FUND THESE SAFE ZONES. WE'RE GOING TO BUILD UP OUR MILITARY. WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN IN IRAQ. BUT ONCE WE WENT INTO IRAQ, WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER LEFT THE WAY WE LEFT. WE LEFT LIKE FOOLS. WE WENT IN, SHOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED. I DIDN'T WANT TO GO FROM THE BEGINNING, AND I HAVE PROOF FROM THE BEGINNING. I DIDN'T WANT IRAQ. I SAID YOU'RE GOING TO DESTABILIZE THE ENTIRE MIDDLE EAST, AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED. BUT THEN WE WERE THERE. LOSING THOUSANDS OF LIVES, SPENDING TRILLIONS AND TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS. PROBABLY IN THE MIDDLE EAST WE'RE UP TO $4 TRILLION. AND WE'RE IN WORSE SHAPE NOW THAN WE WERE 15 YEARS AGO BEFORE THE WHOLE DEAL STARTED. FAR WORSE. NOT EVEN CLOSE. FAR WORSE. FAR WORSE. SO WHAT WE'RE GOING TO DO IS WE'RE GOING TO START THINKING SMART. WE'RE GOING TO BE SMART AGAIN. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE GREAT MILITARY, AND BY THE WAY, I SAID FOR YEARS WE'VE GOT TO KEEP THE OIL. I SAID KEEP THE OIL. YOU LEAVE, YOU KEEP THE OIL. WE DIDN'T DO IT. WE DIDN'T DO IT. I SAID IT FOR YEARS. ONCE WE WERE IN, I SAID WHEN WE GET OUT, IT'S GOING TO BE A DISASTER, BUT WHEN WE GET OUT, WE SHOULD HAVE LEFT SOME TROOPS THERE. AND I HATE SAYING THAT. BUT WE SHOULD HAVE LEFT SOME TROOPS THERE, AND IT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER, CERTAINLY, THAN IT IS RIGHT NOW. CAN'T BE ANY WORSE. BUT I ALWAYS SAID KEEP THE OIL. BUT WE DIDN'T KEEP THE OIL. SO WHO HAS THE OIL RIGHT NOW? A LOT OF THE OIL IS HAD BY ISIS. AND WE CREATED ISIS. AND HILLARY CLINTON THROUGH HER INCOMPETENCE DIRECTLY AND INDIRECTLY CREATED ISIS. AND NOW SHE WANTS TO GET RID OF IT. SHE SAYS YES, WE WILL FIGHT ISIS. SHE IS THE ONE THAT CREATED IT WITH STUPIDITY, WITH STUPID, STUPID POLICY. POLICY THAT'S ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE. SHE IS THE ONE THAT CREATED IT. AND THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED. AND SO NOW WE HAVE PROBLEMS ALL OVER THE PLACE. WE HAVE OUR CITIES EXPLODING. WE HAVE ISIS LOOKING AT US. AND BY THE WAY, WHEN OUR ENEMIES ALL OVER THE WORLD, INCLUDING OUR FRIENDS ALL OVER THE WORLD LOOK AT WHAT'S HAPPENING TO OUR COUNTRY, WHERE THE OTHER NIGHT YOU HAD 11, THINK OF IT, 11 CITIES POTENTIALLY IN A BLOWUP STAGE. MARCHES ALL OVER THE UNITED STATES, AND TOUGH MARCHES, ANGER, HATRED, HATRED. STARTED BY A MANIAC THAT SOME PEOPLE ASKED FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR HIM. FOR THE KILLER, FOR THE KILLER. OKAY? SO WHEN OUR ENEMIES LOOK AT WHAT IS GOING ON WITH OUR COUNTRY, THEY SEE OUR DEFICITS. THEY SEE WE DON'T WIN ANYMORE. WE DON'T WIN. WE DON'T WIN. WE DON'T WIN AT ANYTHING. I ALWAYS SAY WHEN I WAS GOING, WHEN I WAS YOUNG GOING TO HIGH SCHOOL AND GOING TO COLLEGE AND BEFORE THAT WE NEVER LOST. YOU KNOW, UNITED STATES, THEY SAID HAD NEVER LOST A WAR. NOW WE NEVER WIN. WE DON'T WIN ON TRADE. WE DON'T WIN WITH OUR MILITARY. OUR MILITARY IS SO DEPLETED, OUR MILITARY HAS FIGHTER JETS THAT ARE IN USE FLOWN BY GREAT, GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE THAT ARE SO OLD, AND THEY CAN'T GET PARTS FOR THE FIGHTER JETS. THESE ARE PEOPLE FLYING THESE JETS NOW IN COMBAT. THEY CAN'T GET PARTS. SO THEY GO TO THE PLANE GRAVEYARDS IN THE DESERTS. THEY GO TO MUSEUMS WHERE THEY HAVE SIMILAR PLANES, AND THEY STRIP APART TO USE FOR OUR FIGHTER PILOTS TO FLY. THIS IS WHAT WE'VE BEEN REDUCED TO. AND I'LL TELL YOU SOMETHING. HILLARY CLINTON IS INCOMPETENT, OKAY. THE GREATEST SINGLE THING IN MY OPINION THAT SHE'S EVER DONE IS TO GET OUT OF THE E-MAIL PROBLEM. I THINK IT IS INCREDIBLE. SHE DID A GREAT JOB ON THAT. I THINK IT IS HER GREATEST ACHIEVEMENT. I THINK WHEN THEY LOOK BACK ON HILLARY CLINTON, THEY WILL SAY THE GREATEST ACHIEVEMENT OF HILLARY CLINTON WAS GETTING OUT OF THIS PROBLEM WITH E-MAIL TZ. HOUDINI COULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN OUT. SHE WAS SO GUILTY. I HAVE A LIST. LOOK. PAGE AFTER PAGE OF THE LIES -- PAGE AFTER PAGE OF THE LIES. ALL OVER. LOOK AT THIS. PAGE, PAGE. LOOK, I DON'T WANT TO READ IT TO YOU. THE PRESS WOULD SAY, YOU SHOULD SPEND YOUR ENTIRE SPEECH TALKING ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON AND THE E-MAILS. I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT. YOU KNOW WHAT, IT WAS ALL LIES, FOLKS. I DON'T HAVE TO GO THROUGH AND BORE EVERYBODY. IT WAS SO HORRIBLE. IT WAS SO DISGUSTING. IT WAS SO OUTRAGEOUS. YOU LOOK AT GENERAL PETRAEUS AND LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM FOR A TINY FRACTION OF WHAT CROOKED HILLARY DID. YOU LOOK AT OTHER PEOPLE, FOR A TINY FRACTION, LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM. SO I JUST TELL YOU THIS, WE HAVE A CANDIDATE ON THE OTHER SIDE WHO, IF SHE EVER GETS ELECTED, IT WILL BE FOUR MORE DISGUSTING YEARS OF OBAMA, IT WILL BE FOUR MORE YEARS OF WEAKNESS, IT WILL BE FOUR MORE YEARS OF CIVIL UNREST. IT WILL BE FOUR MORE YEARS OF NOT WINNING WITH OUR MILITARY AND NOT WINNING AGAINST ISIS. THEY DON'T HAVE A CLUE HOW TO BEAT ISIS. THEY DON'T HAVE A CLUE. BUT IT WILL BE FOUR MORE YEARS OF OBAMA, AND OBAMA CARE AND ALL OF THESE THINGS THAT DON'T WORK. EXCEPT I THINK ACTUALLY IT WILL BE WORSE. TODAY I SEE BERNIE SANDERS GAVE HER THIS VERY YOU KNOW, SORT OF STRANGE ENDORSEMENT. I WANT TO TELL YOU, A LOT OF BERNIE SANDERS PEOPLE ARE SO UPSET ABOUT IT, THEY ARE GOING TO BE VOTING FOR TRUMP. I REALLY BELIEVE THAT. THEY'RE GOING TO BE VOTING FOR TRUMP. THEY ARE GOING TO BE VOTING FOR TRUMP. BECAUSE THE ONE THING THAT BERNIE SANDERS AND I HAVE IN COMMON WAS TRADE. NOW HE CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT. HE JUST KNEW IT WAS BAD. I KNOW HOW TO FIX IT. BECAUSE I AM IN FAVOR OF FREE TRADE. A LOT OF PEOPLE SAY I'M AN ISOLATIONIST, WHEN YOU LOSE $800 BILLION A YEAR ON TRADE DEFICITS, MAYBE THAT IS NOT THE WORSE THING. BUT WE'LL STRAIGHT IT OUT. I BELIEVE IN OPEN BORDERS FOR TRADE AND FREE TRADE. THE PROBLEM WE HAVE IS THAT VIRTUALLY EVERY SINGLE COUNTRY THAT DEALS WITH US ARE FAR SHARPER AND FAR BETTER. THEY HAVE THEIR BEST NEGOTIATORS. WE HAVE PEOPLE THAT ARE POLITICAL HACKS NEGOTIATING FOR US AND PEOPLE THAT DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE DOING. I HAVE THE GREATEST BUSINESSMEN IN THE WORLD THAT HAVE ENDORSED ME, INCLUDING PEOPLE LIKE CARL ICAHN, GREAT BUSINESSMAN. WE HAVE SOME OF THE GREATEST NEGOTIATORS, MAYBE THE GREATEST IN THE WORLD AND WE DON'T USE THEM. WE USE POLITICAL HACKS. WE HAVE PEOPLE IN THERE THAT GOT IN FOR POLITICS. YOU COULD LOOK AT THE BIGGEST COMPANIES IN THE WORLD, AND IT IS SMALL POTATOES. IT IS PEANUTS COMPARED TO SOME OF THE MASSIVE TRADE DEALS. AND WE HAVE PEOPLE THAT SHOULD NEVER BE NEGOTIATING TRADE DEALS. JUST LIKE WE HAVE SECRETARY OF STATE KERRY NEGOTIATING WITH IRAN, AND WHAT THEY DID TO HIM AND YOU BECAUSE HE HAS NO IDEA WHAT THE HELL HE WAS DOING AND WHAT HE GAVE AWAY, ISRAEL IS IN SERIOUS JEOPARDY, FRANKLY WE'RE IN SERIOUS JEOPARDY, AND WE MADE A POWER OUT OF IRAN. WE MADE A POWER. NUMBER ONE, WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER GONE IN AND NEGOTIATED THAT DEAL UNTIL WE GOT OUR HOSTAGES BACK. EVER. EVER. WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER, EVER GONE IN. AND WHAT YOU SAY IS, FOLKS, WE HAVE TO GET THEM BACK. AND IF YOU DON'T WANT TO GIVE THEM BACK, YOU LEAVE THE MEETING. YOU LEAVE THE MEETING. AND YOU DOUBLE UP YOUR SANCTIONS, YOU WOULD HAVE HAD THEM BACK WITHIN 24 HOURS, I GUARANTEE YOU THAT. BUT WE DSHTIDN'T DO THAT. I KEPT WAITING FOR THE WHOLE DELEGATION, I KEPT WAITING FOR THEM TO LEAVE, TO GET UP AND LEAVE. I USED TO SAY GET UP AND LEAVE. PERFECT. GET UP. WE DIDN'T WIN ANYTHING. THE ONLY TIME THAT KERRY LEFT WAS AT 73 YEARS OLD TO GO INTO A BICYCLE LACE WHERE HE FELL AND BROKE HIS LEG, RIGHT. AND I ALWAYS TELL PEOPLE, I PROMISE YOU I WILL NEVER ENTER A BICYCLE RACE WHEN I'M IN THE MIDST OF AN IMPORTANT NUCLEAR NEGOTIATION, I PROMISE. I PROMISE. BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT IT, NUMBER ONE, WE SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN THEM BACK. AND THE OTHER THING, WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER GIVEN THEM BACK THE $150 BILLION. AND I WOULD HAVE SAID VERY NICELY, MY FATHER USED TO THINK I WAS A LITTLE BIT ROUGH, AND HE USED TO GO, EASY, SON. SON, TAKE IT NICE AND EASY. YOU HAVE TO TAKE THE LUMPS OUT. HE HAD AN EXPRESSION. GOOD FATHER. WE ALL HAVE GREAT FATHERS, I HOPE. I HAD A GOOD FATHER. BUT I LEARNED A LOT. HE SAID, AND HE WOULD GO LIKE THIS THE LUMPS OUT. TAKE THE LUMPS. EASY. NICE AND EASY. TAKE THE LUMPS OUT. YOU'RE A LITTLE TOO ROUGH. WHAT DO YOU MEAN, POP? YOU'RE A LITTLE TOO ROUGH. AND OVER THE YEARS, I THINK I LEARNED THAT. MADE GREAT DEALS AND BUILT A GREAT COMPANY. GREAT COMPANY. TOOK ADVANTAGE OF EVERY SINGLE THING YOU CAN BECAUSE YOU ARE WORKING FOR YOURSELF AND FAMILIES AND YOUR EMPLOYEES AND TOOK ADVANTAGE OF THE LAWS, SOME OF THE LAWS ARE THE DUMBEST LAWS I'VE EVER SEEN AND SO STUPID BUT YOU TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THEM. YOU'RE LIKE A BUSINESS PERSON, RIGHT, GOT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THEM. BECAUSE YOU ARE REALLY REPRESENTING YOUR EMPLOYEES, YOUR COMPANY AND YOUR FAMILY. BUT MY FATHER WOULD SAY TAKE THE LUMPS OUT. SO HERE IS WHAT I WOULD HAVE SAID ON THE 150. IN THE OLD DAYS WHEN I'M YOUNG, I WOULD SAY WE'RE NOT PAYING YOU BACK THE 150 BILLION, YOU'RE NOT GETTING IT. AND THERE COULD BE A LOT OF HARD FEELING IN THE ROOM. TAKE A WHILE -- THEY WILL STILL COME BACK, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT. BECAUSE THEY NEED US. THEY NEED US. AND THEN I WOULD HAVE LEFT AND HERE GO THE SANCTIONS. I WOULD HAVE DONE TWO THINGS. NUMBER ONE, HOSTAGES BEFORE WE UTTER THE FIRST WORD. AND NUMBER TWO -- AND HOW LONG WERE THE HOSTAGES THERE. THAT NEGOTIATION TOOK FOREVER AND WE DIDN'T WIN A POINT. WE LOST EVERYTHING. THEY'RE GOING TO BE A NUCLEAR POWER AND THEY ARE RICH AND POWERFUL. HOW ABOUT YEMEN. THEY ARE FIGHTING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF YEMEN. AND THEY'RE FIGHTING AND WEE FIGHTING. WHY DIDN'T THEY MAKE THE DEAL TO GET OUT OF YEMEN AND KERRY SAID BECAUSE HE DIDN'T WANT TO COME PLIBLG ATE -- COMPLICATE THE NEGOTIATIONS. THEY DON'T WANT TO BRING SOMETHING ELSE TO COMPLICATE IT. THESE ARE AMATEURS. BUT MY FATHER WOULD SAY TAKE THE LUMPS OUT. SO HERE IS WHAT I WOULD SAY. WE WOULDN'T BE NEGOTIATING BECAUSE OUR PRISONERS WOULD HAVE BEEN BACK YEARS AGO. I WOULD HAVE SAID, LOOK, FELLAS, HERE IS THE STORY. WE HAVE A PROBLEM. OUR COUNTRY IS FLAT BROKE. WE OWE 19 TRILLION AND GOING TO BE 20 TRILLION OR $21 TRILLION WITH THE OMNIBUS VERY SOON. I WANT TO GIVE YOU THE MONEY BACK, I REALLY DO. WE DON'T HAVE IT, I'M SORRY. THEY WOULD HAVE GONE NUTS. THEY WOULD HAVE SAID, WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU HAVE TO GIVE US -- NO, NO, WE WANT TO. WE DON'T HAVE IT. I WANT TO SO BADLY. WE LOVE YOU. YOU'RE SUCH GREAT PEOPLE. SUCH NICE PEOPLE. SO KIND. TAKE A LOOK AT WHAT THEY DO TO THEIR HOSTAGE AND PRISONERS AND YOU'LL FIND OUT ABOUT TOUGH PEOPLE. GREAT NEGOTIATORS. PERSIANS, GREAT NEGOTIATORS. I WOULD HAVE SAID, REMEMBER, NICE AND EASY. I WOULD HAVE RATHER DONE IT MY WAY, BUT I RESPECTED MY FATHER. SO I WOULD HAVE SAID, WE DON'T HAVE THE MONEY, CAN'T DO IT. THEY WOULD HAVE LEFT AND WE WOULD HAVE LEFT AND WE WOULD HAVE BEEN BACK IN TWO WEEKS. WE WOULD HAVE SAVED $150 BILLION. SO THOSE TWO THINGS. WE WOULD HAVE HAD OUR HOSTAGES BACK AND SAVED $150 BILLION. NOW THEY ARE SO RICH, THEY ARE BUYING AIRLINERS, THEY ARE BUYING EVERYTHING. THEY ARE BUYING PROBABLY NUCLEAR WEAPONS, WE JUST DON'T KNOW ABOUT IT, OKAY. WHAT THE HELL -- DO YOU HAVE TO -- NUCLEAR WEAPONS, WE'RE WORRIED ABOUT THEM MAKING NUCLEAR WEAPONS. THEY'LL BUY THEM. THEY HAVE THE MONEY. THEY MADE SUCH FOOLS OUT OF US. FOLKS, THOSE DAYS ARE OVER. THEY'RE OVER. THEY'RE OVER. I CALL OBAMA THE FIVE-FOR-ONE PRESIDENT. SO WE HAVE A TRADER NAMED SERGEANT BERGDAHL. SO SERGEANT BERGDAHL THINKS HE LIKES THEIR WAY OF LIFE, OBVIOUSLY. OH, THEY HAVE A WONDERFUL WAY OF LIFE. SO ONE DAY HE LEAVES. WE LOSE FIVE AND MAYBE SIX, BUT FIVE AT LEAST PEOPLE LOOKING FOR HIM. THEY WERE KILLED. THEY WERE KILLED BY THE ENEMY. THEY GO OUT THERE LOOKING FOR HIM. THEY KNEW HE LEFT. EVERYBODY WITH HIM KNEW HE LEFT BECAUSE HE WAS ALL WHACKED OUT AND A BELIEVER IN THEM, NOT US. SO THEY KNEW HE LEFT. SO KNOWING THAT, THE FACT THEY HAVE A COLONEL AND I BELIEVE A GENERAL TALKING TO THE PEOPLE THAT KNEW HIM, AND THEY TOLD THE COLONEL AND THE GENERAL THAT HE LEFT. HE DESERTED. REMEMBER THE OLD DAY, A DESERTER, WHAT HAPPENED? BANG. 20 YEARS AGO, IT WAS BANG, BUT SLOWLY. TEN YEARS AGO IT WAS LONG PRISON. TODAY THEY ARE PROBABLY TALKING ABOUT NOTHING. THAT IS WHERE WE'VE COME. BUT I CALL HIM THE FIVE-FOR-ONE. SO WE GET BERGDAHL, RIGHT, A TRADER. AND THEY GET FIVE OF THE MOST VICIOUS KILLERS THAT THEY HAVE, THAT THEY'VE BEEN AFTER FOR NINE YEARS TO GET THEM OUT AND THEY BRING THEM AND THEY ARE BACK ON THE BATTLEFIELD TRYING TO KILL EVERYBODY, INCLUDING US. THIS STUFF HAS GOT TO STOP, FOLKS. AND GITMO, WE'RE NOT CLOSING GITMO. WE'RE GOING TO FILL IT UP. WE'RE NOT CLOSING GITMO. WE'RE NOT CLOSING GITMO. AND I SEE HILLARY CLINTON SAID, I DO NOT LIKE DONALD TRUMP'S TONE. LOOK, HERE IS THE STORY. I THINK I HAVE A GREAT TEMPERAMENT. SHE USES THE WORD TEMPERAMENT BUT I LOVE WHEN SHE USES THE WORD TONE. THEY ARE CHOPPING HEADS OFF OF CHRISTIANS AND EVERYBODY ELSE. WE HAVEN'T SEEN THAT SINCE MEDIEVAL TIMES. YOU READ THE HISTORY BOOKS, THEY CHOPPED OFF HEADS. WELL, THEY ARE CHOPPING OFF HEADS. THEY ARE DROWNING PEOPLE IN STEEL CAGES, BY THE DOZENS, AT A TIME. AND SHE SAYS, WE DON'T LIKE HIS TONE. LET ME TELL YOU, FOLKS, IT IS TIME FOR A TOUGH TONE. WE'VE HAD ENOUGH. WE'VE HAD ENOUGH. WE'VE HAD ENOUGH. WE'VE HAD ENOUGH. SO WE'RE GOING TO DO THINGS THE SMART WAY. I REMEMBER DURING THE DEBATE THEY ASKED ONE OF THE FOLKS ON THE DEBUT STAGE WHO IS BECOMING FRIENDLIER AND FRIENDLIER BY THE DAY WITH ME, WHICH SOME OF THE PEOPLE ARE RECOVERING. IT WAS -- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT. THEY SAY IT WAS THE NASTIEST PRIMARY THAT ANYBODY HAS SEEN. THEY SAY THE NASTIEST IN RECORDED HISTORY. WHO KNEW WHAT WENT ON BEFORE RECORDED. BUT IT WAS PRETTY NASTY. AND SOME OF THE FOLKS, I SAW ONE YESTERDAY, I WILL NOT EVEN MENTION NAMES BECAUSE I WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH EVERYBODY, RIGHT. I WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH THEM. EXCEPT FOR THE REAL ENEMY. BUT THEY'LL SIGN A DOCUMENT, ALL RIGHT, IT IS CALLED A PLEDGE. I PLEDGE -- I PLEDGE, I SWEAR, I PLEDGE THAT IF I DON'T MAKE IT, I'M GOING TO SUPPORT THE NOMINEE OF THE PARTY. IT DOESN'T SAY, SUBJECT TO CHANGE, SUBJECT TO THE WEATHER, SUBJECT TO THE SUN DOESN'T COME UP. NO. IT SAID, I PLEDGE. AND FOR THAT PLEDGE, THEY GOT ACCESS TO MILLIONS OF DOLLARS WORTH OF MATERIAL FROM THE REPUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE, THE RNC. REINCE PRIEBUS, DOING A GREAT JOB. AND IF HE DOESN'T, I'LL TELL YOU. AND IF HE DOESN'T OVER THE NEXT FOUR OR FIVE WEEKS, I'LL TELL YOU. BUT THEY GOT ACCESS. SO THEY SIGNED A PLEDGE THEY WILL SUPPORT. I DON'T WANT THEIR SUPPORT. IT WON'T MEAN ONE VOTE THAN PERHAPS THEIR FAMILY. IT DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING. BUT I SIGNED THE PLEDGE, TOO. AND EVERYBODY WANTED TO SIGN THE PLEDGE. AND THE REASON THEY SIGNED THE PLEDGE WAS TO GET ME TO SIGN IT. I SIGNED IT. I WOULD HAVE HONORED IT. I SAID PEOPLE SHOULD HONOR PLEDGES. PEOPLE SHOULD HONOR DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY SIGN THEM. YOU KNOW, NOT A BIG DEAL. NOT A BIG DEAL. BUT THEY SHOULD HONOR THEM. SO HERE IS THE STORY, FOLKS. WE'RE LOSING OUR COUNTRY. WE'RE LIKE A PIECE OF SWISS CHEESE AT THE BORDERS. THAT IS GOING TO END. THAT'S GOING TO END. YOU KNOW, THE BORDER PATROL AGENTS, 16,500, FIRST TIME IN HISTORY THEY'VE DONE THIS, THEY'VE NEVER DONE THIS BEFORE, 16,500 BORDER PATROL AGENTS HAVE ENDORSED DONALD TRUMP. THEY KNOW BETTER THAN ANYBODY WHAT IS GOING ON AT THE BORDER. AND BY THE WAY, IF AND WHEN WE WIN, IT IS WE -- I'M JUST A MESSENGER FOLKS, I'M TELLING A MESSAGE OF COMMON STRENGTH BUT I'M JUST YOUR MESSENGER AND I'M DOING A GOOD JOB AS A MAEPGESSENGER, IN ALL FAIRNESS, BUT 16,500 BORDER PATROL AGENTS ENDORSED DONALD TRUMP AND WHAT THEY DO NOW IS STAND THERE WITH BEAUTIFUL EQUIPMENT, GREAT PEOPLE, PEOPLE WALK RIGHT BY THEM. THAT IS AN EASY JOB. THEY CAN'T STAND IT. BECAUSE THEY DON'T LIKE WHAT IS COMING INTO OUR COUNTRY. THEY WANT TO DO THEIR JOB. WITH ME, THEY'RE GOING TO BE WORKING REALLY HARD. AND I SAID TO THEM, WHEN THEY CALLED ME TO TELL ME ABOUT THE ENDORSEMENT, NEVER DONE IT BEFORE, THEY'VE NEVER ENDORSED A PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE BEFORE, 16,500, GREAT, GREAT PEOPLE AND I SAID TO THEM, SO LET ME TELL YOU, I WANT TO ASK YOU THIS QUESTION -- HOW IMPORTANT IS THE WALL? THEY SAID, MR. TRUMP, THE WALL IS VITAL. I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WOULD HAVE DONE IF THEY SAID IT IS NOT IMPORTANT. I WOULD HAVE SAID, I GUESS WE'RE NOT BUILDING IT BECAUSE I RESPECT THESE PEOPLE, THEY KNOW BETTER THAN ANYBODY. THEY KNOW A HELL OF A LOT OF BETTER THAN CONSULTANTS AND PEOPLE MAKING A MILLIONS OF DOLLARS THAT DON'T HAVE A CLUE. WHO IS BETTER AT THAT? I SAID HOW IMPORTANT IS THE WALL? MR. TRUMP, NEVER FORGET THE ANSWER, THE WALL IS VITAL. IT IS VITAL. VERY IMPORTANT. VERY IMPORTANT. THEY ACTUALLY SAID IT IS A TOOL TOWARD REAL SECURITY, AN IMPORTANT TOOL. AND THEN I SPOKE WITH SHERIFF JOE ARPAIO FROM ARIZONA AND HE CALLED ME OUT OF THE BLUE AND I'VE READ ABOUT SHERIFF JOE, I MEAN, HE KNOWS BORDERS, RIGHT. AMAZING GUY. TOUGH GUY. BUT HE'S AN AMAZING GUY. AND HE SAID, MR. TRUMP, I JUST WANT TO YOU KNOW THAT I'M ENDORSING YOU BECAUSE YOU KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS STUFF THAN ANYBODY, YOU KNOW MORE ABOUT THIS STUFF THAN PEOPLE DOING IT FOR 25 YEARS. YOU GET IT. YOU KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING. I'M ENDORSING YOU. AND HE'S ACTUALLY A QUALITY PERSON. HE'S A TOUGH GUY. BUT HE'S A QUALITY PERSON. HE GETS THE JOB DONE. AMAZING. SO I KNOW ABOUT THAT. AND WHEN IT WAS COMING TIME FOR THE WALL, I'LL NEVER FORGET, VICENTE FOX, ON ONE OF THE MAJOR NETWORKS, USED THE F-BOMB. REMEMBER AND I TOLD THIS STORY A COUPLE OF TIMES. HE SAID, WE WILL NOT PAY FOR THE F-BOMB WALL. AND I SAID, OH, HE'S DEAD. CAN YOU IMAGINE, HEADLINES TOMORROW. HE USED IT ON LIVE TELEVISION. AND I SAID, OH, I FEEL SO BADLY FOR THE GUY. AND NOW IN ONE WAY I WAS HAPPY. BECAUSE HE USED TO SAY, WE'LL NEVER BUILD THE WALL. NOW HE'S SAYING WE'LL NEVER PAY FOR THE WALL. SO WE MADE PROGRESS. ADD LEAST HE'S NOW ADMITTING IT IS GOING TO GET BUILT, RIGHT. AND HE SEEMS LIKE A NICE GUY BUT HE GOT A LITTLE BIT ROUGH. WE WILL NEVER PAY FOR THE -- F-BOMB -- WALL. I SAID OH, THE POOR GUY HE IS GOING TO GET KILLED IN THE PAPERS. NOBODY MENTIONED IT. CAN YOU IMAGINE IF I THREW OUT THE F-BOMB. I THINK IT WILL BE THE ELECTRIC CHAIR, RIGHT. WOULD IT BE THE ELECTRIC CHAIR. AND THE PRESS, I WILL TELL YOU -- THE PEOPLE BACK THERE, AND I WILL TELL YOU THIS, NOT ALL OF THEM, BUT MANY OF THEM ARE THE MOST DISHONEST HUMAN BEINGS ON THE EARTH. THEY ARE THE MOST DISHONEST HUMAN BEINGS ON EARTH. I'VE HAD DAYS THAT ARE SO GOOD, AND THEN YOU WAKE UP THE NEXT MORNING AND YOU SAY, MAN, DID THEY TAKE THAT. I WON'T EVEN SAY WHAT THINGS -- I COULD GO ONE AFTER ANOTHER. AND WE DON'T MAKE A LOT OF MISTAKES, ALL OF US, WE DON'T MAKE MISTAKES BUT WHAT THEY DO IS TAKE A SENTENCE AND MAKE IT MUCH DIFFERENT THAN WHAT YOU SAID, MUCH DIFFERENT FROM WHAT YOU MEANT. AND ALL OF A SUDDEN, THEY'LL SAY, DONALD TRUMP HAD A BAD WEEK BECAUSE HE SAID SOMETHING PERFECT. PERFECT. OKAY. PERFECT. I'M TELLING YOU, FOLKS, AND I TELL IT ALL OF THE TIME, BECAUSE AS A REPUBLICAN, AND AS A REPUBLICAN CONSERVATIVE, WE ARE AT A TREMENDOUS DISADVANTAGE. YOU LOOK AT THE WAY THEY TREAT CROOKED HILLARY, YOU TAKE A LOOK AT THIS COMPARED TO THE WAY THEY TREAT OTHER PEOPLE, OR THE WAY THEY TREAT ME, THEY ARE SOME OF THE WORST HUMAN BEINGS ON EARTH. I REALLY MEAN IT. I REALLY MEAN IT. YOU KNOW, WHERE ARE MY PROTESTS. I WANT SOME PROTESTERS. YOU KNOW, LOOK AT THIS ROOM. THE GOVERNOR JUST SAID HE'S NEVER SEEN A ROOM LIKE THIS IN INDIANA WITH THIS MANY PEOPLE. HE'S NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT. LOOK AT THIS THING. THIS IS WHERE YOUR FOOTBALL TEAM -- LOOK AT THE CEILINGS. EVERYTHING IS NIGHT. I ALWAYS TALK ABOUT THE WALL IS GOING TO BE REALLY HIGH, BUT THAT IS REALLY HIGH UP THERE. THAT IS A BIG ONE. BUT YOU DON'T SEE CROWDS LIKE THIS. WE HAVE CROWDS LIKE THIS EVERYWHERE, NO MATTER WHERE WE GO. AND EVERY TIME I GO HOME AND MY WIFE SAYS HOW WAS THE CROWD. AND I ALWAYS SAY, DIDN'T YOU SEE IT? THEY KEEP THOSE CAMERAS ON MY FACE, THEY NEVER TAKE THE CAMERAS OFF MY FACE BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT PEOPLE -- I WISH THEY WOULD TURN THE CAMERAS OVER HERE. TAKE A LOOK AT THIS CROWD. TAKE A LOOK AT THIS CROWD. LOOK, THE CAMERAS AREN'T MOVING. THEY ARE REALLY DISHONEST. I REALLY MEAN THIS. THEY ARE SO DISHONEST. THAT IS WHY I LOVE MY PROTESTERS. BECAUSE THE ONLY TIME THEY MOVE THE CAMERAS ARE WHEN WE HAVE A PROTEST. IF SOMEBODY WERE UP THERE SCREAMING OR SHOUTING, THE CAMERAS, WHICH I USED TO THINK WERE IN A FIXED POSITION, I SAID MAYBE MECHANICALLY THEY CAN'T MOVE, BUT WHEN WE HAVE A PROTESTER, THEY TURN AND -- THEY ARE LIKE A PRETZEL ALL OVER THE PLACE. THROUGH THE CAMERAMAN'S LEGS, UP AROUND HIS ANKLES. YOU NEVER SAW CAMERAS MOVE LIKE THIS. THE FACT IS THAT YOU HAVE TO KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING. AND THE SYSTEM IS WONDERFUL IN MANY WAYS, BUT REALLY BAD IN OTHERS. AND ONE OF THE WORST ASPECTS OF OUR SYSTEM IS THE DISHONEST PRESS. THE DISHONEST MEDIA IS ONE OF THE WORST THINGS. I REALLY MEAN IT. THEY WRITE AND SAY THINGS THAT ARE DISGRACEFUL. SO -- AND I LIKE TO SAY, YOU KNOW WHAT, WHEN PEOPLE SEE OR READ OR HEAR THINGS, THEY'LL SAY, I'LL TELL YOU WHAT -- ONE OF THE MOST INCREDIBLE -- PEOPLE SAY WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED? I SAID, YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE LEARNED IS HOW SMART THE PEOPLE ARE. BECAUSE THEIR RATING IS SO LOW, THEY ARE SO -- THOUGHT OF SO BADLY, IT IS LIKE HOW SMART THE PEOPLE WERE. AND I'LL SAY THIS. VARIOUS ANCHORS, SOME OF WHOM TRULY DISLIKE DONALD TRUMP HAVE SAID WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO US -- TO US, I'M THE MESSENGER, YOU'RE THE IMPORTANT ONES IN THIS WHOLE THING, BUT WHAT HAPPENED TO US IS ONE OF THE GREATEST POLITICAL PHENOMENONS THEY'VE EVER SEEN IN THE HISTORY OF THE COUNTRY. I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT. I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT. BILL O'REILLY, OF COURSE I'M ON HIS SHOW TONIGHT SO IF YOU GET HOME YOU WILL SEE THE SECOND EDITION. BUT BILL O'REILLY SAID, THE SINGLE GREATEST POLITICAL PHENOMENON THAT HE'S SEEN IN HIS LIFETIME. NOW HE'S A PRO. A SMART GUY AND TOUGH. TOUGH. BUT THE SINGLE GREATEST POLITICAL PHENOMENON THAT HE'S SEEN IN HIS LIFETIME IS DONALD TRUMP AND ALL OF US, THE WHOLE THING. WE'VE BEEN ON THE COVER -- WE'VE BEEN ON THE COVER OF "TIME" MAGAZINE, SO MUCH THAT IT BECOMES ROUTINE. IN FACT, THEY JUST TOLD ME, MR. TRUMP, SIR, YOU'RE ON THE COVER OF "TIME" MAGAZINE AGAIN THIS WEEK. I SAID ALL RIGHT. IN THE OLD DAYS, I WOULD SAY THAT IS A BIG DEAL. AND NOW IT IS LIKE, REALLY, THAT IS GOOD, THAT IS ALL RIGHT. YOU'RE ON THE COVER OF TIME MAGAZINE. I'M NOT ON THE COVER OF TIME MAGAZINE. YOU'RE ON THE COVER. JUST REMEMBER THAT. SO WE HAVE A LOT OF THINGS THAT ARE TAKING PLACE. WE HAVE A BADEN EMMY, WE HAVE AN ENEMY THAT IS DISHONEST AND A PRESS THAT IS DISHONEST. WE HAVE A GROUP OF PEOPLE THAT WANT TO GET ELECTED WHO HAVE A RIGGED SYSTEM AND WHO HAVE REALLY RIGGED THE SYSTEM TO A LARGE EXTENT. THEY'VE REALLY RIGGED THE SYSTEM. SAY WHAT YOU WANT ABOUT BERNIE SANDERS, BUT THE SUPER-DELEGATES, THAT WAS WORSE THAN WHAT HAPPENED WITH US. AND FRANKLY, THE ONLY REASON I COULD WIN IS WE WON IN SUCH LANDSLIDES ALL OVER THE PLACE, INCLUDING IN INDIANA. WHAT A LANDSLIDE THAT WAS. AND WE LOVE BOBBY KNIGHT. DO WE LOVE BOBBY KNIGHT. OH, THAT BOBBY KNIGHT. I LOVE MY BOBBY KNIGHT. WE HAD SO MANY COACHES, GENE AND DIGGER AND BOBBY. WE HAD SO MANY COACHES. LOU, LOU HOLTS. WE HAD SO MANY COACHES THAT CAME OUT IN OUR FAVOR. I DO WELL WITH COACHES. BUT THE COACHES LIKE ME. BUT BOBBY WAS OUT HERE WORKING REALLY HARD. AND I COULD SEE IT RIGHT AT THE BEGINNING. THIS WAS GOING TO BE THE WATER SHED. BUT BOBBY CAME OUT AND I CAME OUT AND WE WENT TO A RINAS -- ARENA ARENAS, YOU'VE NEVER SEEN SO MANY PEOPLE. MAYBE YOU'VE BEEN AT SOME OF THE ARENAS. IT IS AMAZING. SO HERE IS THE STORY, FOLKS. WE HAVE TO STOP FOUR MORE YEARS OF OBAMA. WE'VE GOT TO STOP HILLARY CLINTON, WHO IS AS CROOKED AS THEY COME. WE'VE GOT TO BRING OUR COUNTRY BACK. WE HAVE TO MAKE GREAT TRADE DEALS AGAIN. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE DEAL THAT'S BRING OUR JOBS BACK. AND WE'RE GOING TO GET ALONG GREAT WITH THESE COUNTRIES AND TRADE WITH THESE COUNTRIES. I AM NOT AN ISOLATIONIST, I'M A FREE TRADER. BUT I'M A FREE TRADE TORE MAKE GREAT DEAL -- TRADE TORE MAKE GREAT DEALS, NOT TO MAKE HORRIBLE DEALS. ONE OF THE PEOPLE STANDING RIGHT THERE, SAID TO ME, MR. TRUMP, ARE YOU AN ISOLATIONIST, AND MR. TRUMP -- AND I SAID NO. AND WHAT IS YOUR DEFINITION OF TRADE? AND I SAID VERY SIMPLE. I KNOW FREE AND I KNOW EVERY FORM OF TRADE KNOWN TO MANKIND. HERE IS MY DEFINITION OF TRADE. MY DEFINITION OF "TRADE" IS THAT I WANT TO MAKE GREAT DEALS FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. YOU CAN CALL IT WHATEVER THE HELL YOU WANT. OKAY. AND WE'RE GOING TO. WE'RE GOING TO BRING OUR JOBS BACK. WE'RE GOING TO BRING OUR MANUFACTURING BACK. YOU LOOK AT WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE MANUFACTURING SINCE BILL CLINTON SIGNED PROBABLY THE WORST DEAL ECONOMICALLY IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY, NAFTA. THAT DEAL WAS SIGNED BY BILL CLINTON. YOU LOOK AT AREAS EVEN FROM HERE, BUT YOU LOOK AT PLACES, YOU LOOK AT PLACES LIKE NEW ENGLAND AND NEW YORK STATE AND PENNSYLVANIA, GREAT STATE -- WE'RE LEADING IN PENNSYLVANIA BY THE WAY. IT JUST CAME OUT. I HEAR WE'RE LEADING IN FLORIDA. I HEAR WE'RE LEADING IN OHIO. I HEAR WE'RE LEADING ALL OVER THE PLACE. AND THE RASMUSSEN POLL JUST CAME OUT, WE'RE LEADING NASHLTIONALLY. BUT WE HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO. WE ARE DEALING WITH A DISHONEST SYSTEM AND A CROOKED SYSTEM AND A RIGGED SYSTEM SO WE HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO FOLKS, AND WE DON'T WANT ANYBODY TO TAKE IT AWAY FROM US. AND WHEN THIS PERSON SAID TO ME, BY THE WAY, WHAT YOU'VE DONE IS NEVER DONE BEFORE, CONGRATULATIONS, IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER IF YOU WIN OR LOSE THE ELECTION, WHAT YOU'VE DONE HAS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE, WINNING ALL OF THE PRIMARIES, BEATING GREAT PROFESSIONALS AND THEY ARE VERY TALENTED PEOPLE, IT HAS NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE, YOU WILL GO DOWN IN THE HISTORY BOOKS, MR. TRUMP. I SAID DO ME A FAVOR. DON'T EVEN TELL ME ABOUT IT. BECAUSE IF I DON'T WIN THE NEXT ONE, I WILL CONSIDER IT A BIG, FAT WASTE OF TIME AND $55 MILLION I PUT UP, AND I'M STILL PUTTING UP A LOT MORE. AND NOW WE RAISED $51 MILLION LAST MONTH AND WE STARTED TOWARD THE MIDDLE OF THE MONTH. AND EVERYONE WAS SHOCKED. AND MUCH OF THAT MONEY CAME IN SMALL DONATIONS LIKE $71 AVERAGE OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT. AND I PUT UP MILLIONS. BUT I DID IT, LIKE, I WANT TO INCENTIVIZE PEOPLE AND I WANT PEOPLE TO REALIZE, I'M RAISING MONEY FOR THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND THE RNC. THAT IS WHAT WE WANT TO DO. BECAUSE WE WANT TO KEEP OUR MAJORITY. WE WANT TO KEEP OUR HOUSE. WE WANT TO KEEP OUR SENATE. BECAUSE I'LL TELL YOU WHAT, IF WE CAN DO THAT, AND WE HAVE TRUMP AS PRESIDENT, WE ARE GOING TO BE ABLE TO DO THINGS THAT ARE GOING TO BE SO GREAT FOR OUR COUNTRY. GOING TO BE AMAZING. YOU KNOW, WE'RE RUN OF THE HIGHEST TAXED NATIONS IN THE WORLD. AND YET IN GOING AROUND AND MEETING WITH PEOPLE, SMALL BUSINESS PEOPLE, BIG BUSINESS PEOPLE, IF THEY HAD THEIR CHANCE, AND IF THEY HAD THEIR CHOICE, THEY WOULD RATHER GET RID OF RULES AND REGULATION -- WE HAVE THE WORST REGULATIONS ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. THEY ACTUALLY WOULD RATHER PAY MORE TAX, WHICH IS SURPRISING, AND GET RID OF THESE REGULATIONS THAT ARE CHOKING EVERYBODY. PEOPLE CAN'T RUN THEIR BUSINESSES. SO WE'RE GOING TO TURN THINGS AROUND. WE'RE GOING TO TURN THEM AROUND FAST. WE'RE NOT GOING TO LOSE CARRIER AIR-CONDITIONING FROM INDIANAPOLIS. YOU KNOW THAT DEAL VERY WELL. THOSE PEOPLE HAVE FOLLOWED ME ALL OVER THE PLACE. 1400 PEOPLE, OUT OF JOBS, VISUALLY THEIR MOVING TO MEXICO. ANY OF THE CARRIER FOLKS IN THIS ROOM? BECAUSE WE HAVE -- WE HAVE A LOT -- LOOK AT THAT. WHY ARE YOU IN THE BACK ROW. YOU SHOULD BE IN THE FRONT ROW. BUT WE HAD -- DURING THE SEASON, WE HAD SO MANY OF THEM THAT FOLLOWED US AROUND. THEY FELT SO BADLY. WE'RE NOT GOING TO LET THAT HAPPEN. PEOPLE AND COUNTRIES TAKE OUR COMPANIES AND TAKE OUR JOBS, THERE ARE GOING TO BE CONSEQUENCES. THEY WON'T TAKE THEM. BECAUSE WE'RE NOT GOING TO LET CARRIER COME IN AND MAKE AIR-CONDITIONERS IN MEXICO AND SELL THE AIR-CONDITIONERS TO US, ACROSS A VERY STRONG BORDER NOW, WITHOUT CONSEQUENCE. AND WHEN WE EXPLAIN TO THE HEADS OF CARRIER THAT HERE IS THE STORY, EITHER STAY OR IF YOU WANT TO GO TO MEXICO, WE WISH YOU A LOT OF LUCK BUT WHEN YOU SELL YOUR AIR-CONDITIONERS, YOU ARE GOING TO PAY A 35% TAX FOR THE AIR-CONDITIONERS TO COME ACROSS THE BORDER. AND YOU KNOW WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN. THEY ARE NOT GOING TO MOVE. THEY'RE NOT GOING TO MOVE. THIS GOVERNMENT WAS THINKING ABOUT LOW INTEREST LOANS, ZERO INTEREST LOANS AND WAYS TO KEEP OUR KPZCOMPANIES. YOU DON'T NEED THAT. THEY DON'T NEED MONEY. THEY'RE MAKING PLENTY OF MONEY. BUT WE WON'T LET THEM JUST TAKE OUR COMPANIES OUT AND FIRE EVERYBODY. THESE ARE PEOPLE WITH CARRIER FOR MANY, MANY YEARS. WE'RE NOT GOING TO LET IT HAPPEN. AND WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A COUNTRY THAT IS SO SMART AGAIN. SO HERE IS THETORY, FOLKS. WE DON'T WIN ANY MORE. WE'RE GOING TO START WINNING. WE'RE GOING TO WIN WITH OUR MILITARY. WE'RE GOING TO KICK THE HELL OUT OF ISIS. WE HAVE TO END IT. WE HAVE NO CHOICE. WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR VETS. SO IMPORTANT. OUR VETS ARE BEING TREATED SO BADLY. I HAVE SUCH GREAT VETERAN SUPPORT. WE'RE GOING TO TAKE CARE OF OUR VETERANS. WE'RE GOING TO HAVE STRONG BORDERS. WE'RE GOING TO HAVE THE WALL -- OH, THAT WALL IS GOING TO BE AS BEAUTIFUL AS A WALL COULD BE. SOMEBODY SAID, MR. TRUMP, SIR, THEY'RE GOING TO CALL IT THE TRUMP WALL. I SAID, WELL THEN I BETTER BUILD IT BIG AND BEAUTIFUL, RIGHT. NO. NO, I DON'T WANT THAT. BUT WE NEED -- WE NEED GREAT BORDERS. BECAUSE WITHOUT BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE GREAT TRADE DEALS. OUR JOBS ARE GOING TO COME BACK. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE A LOT OF MONEY ON TRADE. RIGHT NOW WE LOSE ALL OF THIS MONEY. YOU LOOK AT JAPAN, THE BIGGEST SHIPS YOU'VE EVER SEEN FLOATING IN, AND I WAS IN LOS ANGELES, THEY FLOAT IN THESE MASSIVE, MASSIVE SHIPS LOADED UP WITH CARS. AND THE CARS ARE POURING JUST LIKE -- I MEAN, NASCAR. I LOVE NASCAR. I LOVE BRIAN FRANCE. HE ENDORSED ME FROM NASCAR, RIGHT. NASCAR. IT IS LIKE NASCAR DRIVERS. KING RICHARD ENDORSED ME. A LOT OF THE GUYS ENDORSED ME. RICHARD PETTY. THEY COME IN AND THEY ARE POURING OFF THESE BOATS. WE SEND THEM WHEAT. WE SEND THEM BEEF. AND WHEN IT GETS THERE, THEY DON'T EVEN WANT IT. THEY SEND IT BACK. YOU WANT TO SEE TRADE IMBALANCE, LOOK AT THE IMBALANCE WE HAVE WITH JAPAN. IT WILL END, FOLKS. WE'RE GOING TO HAVE SMART PEOPLE NOW. WE'RE GOING TO MAKE GREAT DEALS AND FAIR DEALS AND GET ALONG GREAT WITH JAPAN. WE'RE GOING TO GET ALONG BETTER WITH THESE COUNTRIES AND THEY'RE GOING TO TREAT US FAIRLY. AND WE HAVE ALL OF THE CARDS. JUST REMEMBER THAT. WE'RE THE PIGGY BANK. BUT THEY ARE GOING TO BREAK OUR PIGGY BANK VERY SOON. BUT WITH THE PIGGY BANK, THEY TAKE THE MONEY OUT. WE HAVE REBUILT CHINA. THE MONEY THEY'VE TAKEN OUT OF THIS COUNTRY, I MEAN THEY HAVE TRAINS THAT CAN HE CAN ONLY DREAM ABOUT. THEY HAVE HIGHWAYS THAT WE CAN ONLY DREAM ABOUT. PLACES OUTSIDE OF THIS COUNTRY IN THE MIDDLE EAST, DIFFERENT PLACES HAVE AIRPORTS THAT WE CAN ONLY DREAM ABOUT. WE USED TO BE AT THE TOP. NOW WE'RE LIKE A THIRD-WORLD COUNTRY. SO HERE IS WHAT I SAY. WE'RE GOING TO START WINNING AGAIN. WE'RE GOING TO WIN SO MUCH. YOU'RE GOING TO BE SO PROUD OF YOUR COUNTRY. WE'RE GOING TO WIN SO MUCH. YOU'RE GOING TO BE SO HAPPY. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE YOUR JOBS BACK. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE YOUR PRIDE BACK. I OFTEN JOKE, YOU'LL BE CALLING UP MIKE PENCE, I DON'T KNOW WHETHER HE'S GOING TO BE YOUR GOVERNOR OR YOUR VICE PRESIDENT OR WHO THE HELL KNOWS. BUT YOU'RE GOING TO CALL UP -- GOOD MAN. BUT YOU'RE GOING TO CALL HIM AND YOU COULD EITHER SAY, GOVERNOR, OR VICE PRESIDENT, SIR, PLEASE, PLEASE SPEAK TO MR. TRUMP. WE'RE WINNING TOO MUCH. WE, THE PEOPLE OF INDIANA, CANNOT STAND ALL OF THESE VICTORIES. WE CAN'T TAKE IT. WE'RE NOT USED TO IT. PLEASE, WE'RE WINNING WITH OUR MILITARY. WE'RE GOING TO BEAT ISIS. WE'RE WINNING ON TRADE. WE'RE WINNING AT THE BORDER. WE'RE STOPPING DRUGS FROM POURING IN. WE'RE WINNING ON EDUCATION. WE'RE WINNING WITH OUR SECOND AMENDMENT. PLEASE, PLEASE, MIKE, HELP US. WE'RE WINNING TOO MUCH. AND MIKE WILL COME TO SEE ME. AND SAY, MR. PRESIDENT, SIR, THEY'RE WINNING TOO MUCH. THE PEOPLE OF INDIANA CAN'T STAND IT. I SAY, MIKE, GO BACK AND TELL THEM, WE'RE NOT CHANGING A DAMN THING. WE'RE GOING TO KEEP WINNING. AND WE'RE GOING TO WIN AT EVERY LEVEL. AND WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA SO GREAT AGAIN, WE'RE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE. I LOVE YOU INDIANA. THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR HELP. YOU'RE REALLY SPECIAL PEOPLE. THANK YOU. WE LOVE YOU. THANK YOU VERY MUCH, EVERYBODY. THANK YOU. THANK YOU.

7/11/2016

6/28/2016

It is great to be here. I'd like to thank Alumisource and all the amazing workers here for hosting us. Today, I am going to talk about how to Make America Wealthy Again.
We are thirty miles from Steel City. Pittsburgh played a central role in building our nation.
The legacy of Pennsylvania steelworkers lives in the bridges, railways and skyscrapers that make up our great American landscape.
But our workers' loyalty was repaid with betrayal.
Our politicians have aggressively pursued a policy of globalization – moving our jobs, our wealth and our factories to Mexico and overseas.
Globalization has made the financial elite who donate to politicians very wealthy. But it has left millions of our workers with nothing but poverty and heartache.
When subsidized foreign steel is dumped into our markets, threatening our factories, the politicians do nothing.
For years, they watched on the sidelines as our jobs vanished and our communities were plunged into depression-level unemployment.
Many of these areas have still never recovered.
Our politicians took away from the people their means of making a living and supporting their families.
Skilled craftsmen and tradespeople and factory workers have seen the jobs they loved shipped thousands of miles away.
Many Pennsylvania towns once thriving and humming are now in a state despair.
This wave of globalization has wiped out our middle class.
It doesn't have to be this way. We can turn it all around – and we can turn it around fast.
But if we're going to deliver real change, we're going to have to reject the campaign of fear and intimidation being pushed by powerful corporations, media elites, and political dynasties.
The people who rigged the system for their benefit will do anything – and say anything – to keep things exactly as they are.
The people who rigged the system are supporting Hillary Clinton because they know as long as she is in charge nothing will ever change.
The inner cities will remain poor.
The factories will remain closed.
The borders will remain open.
The special interests will remain firmly in control.
Hillary Clinton and her friends in global finance want to scare America into thinking small – and they want to scare the American people out of voting for a better future.
READ: How Donald Trump Says He'd Win America's Trade War
Top U.S. Labor Leader Blasts Donald Trump in Dueling Speeches
My campaign has the opposite message.
I want you to imagine how much better your life can be if we start believing in America again.
I want you to imagine how much better our future can be if we declare independence from the elites who've led us to one financial and foreign policy disaster after another.
Our friends in Britain recently voted to take back control of their economy, politics and borders.
I was on the right side of that issue – with the people – while Hillary, as always, stood with the elites, and both she and president Obama predicted that one wrong.
Now it's time for the American people to take back their future.
That's the choice we face. We can either give in to Hillary Clinton's campaign of fear, or we can choose to Believe In America.
We lost our way when we stopped believing in our country.
America became the world's dominant economy by becoming the world's dominant producer.
The wealth this created was shared broadly, creating the biggest middle class the world had ever known.
But then America changed its policy from promoting development in America, to promoting development in other nations.
We allowed foreign countries to subsidize their goods, devalue their currencies, violate their agreements, and cheat in every way imaginable.
Trillions of our dollars and millions of our jobs flowed overseas as a result.
I have visited cities and towns across this country where a third or even half of manufacturing jobs have been wiped out in the last 20 years.
Today, we import nearly $800 billion more in goods than we export.
This is not some natural disaster. It is politician-made disaster.
It is the consequence of a leadership class that worships globalism over Americanism.
This is a direct affront to our Founding Fathers, who wanted America to be strong, independent and free.
Our Founding Fathers Understood Trade
George Washington said that “the promotion of domestic manufactur[ing] will be among the first consequences to flow from an energetic government.”
Alexander Hamilton spoke frequently of the “expediency of encouraging manufactur[ing] in the United States.” The first Republican President, Abraham Lincoln, warned that: “The abandonment of the protective policy by the American government… must produce want and ruin among our people.”
Our original Constitution did not even have an income tax. Instead, it had tariffs – emphasizing taxation of foreign, not domestic, production.
Yet today, 240 years after the Revolution, we have turned things completely upside-down.
We tax and regulate and restrict our companies to death, then we allow foreign countries that cheat to export their goods to us tax-free.
As a result, we have become more dependent on foreign countries than ever before.
Ladies and Gentlemen, it's time to declare our economic independence once again.
That means reversing two of the worst legacies of the Clinton years.
America has lost nearly one-third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997 – even as the country has increased its population by 50 million people.
At the center of this catastrophe are two trade deals pushed by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
First, the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. Second, China's entry into the World Trade Organization.
NAFTA was the worst trade deal in history, and China's entrance into the World Trade Organization has enabled the greatest jobs theft in history.
It was Bill Clinton who signed NAFTA in 1993, and Hillary Clinton who supported it.
It was also Bill Clinton who lobbied for China's disastrous entry into the World Trade Organization, and Hillary Clinton who backed that terrible agreement.
Then, as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton stood by idly while China cheated on its currency, added another trillion dollars to our trade deficits, and stole hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property.
The city of Pittsburgh, and the State of Pennsylvania, have lost one-third of their manufacturing jobs since the Clintons put China into the WTO.
Fifty thousand factories across America have shut their doors in that time.
Almost half of our entire manufacturing trade deficit in goods with the world is the result of trade with China.
It was also Hillary Clinton, as Secretary of State, who shoved us into a job-killing deal with South Korea in 2012.
As reported by the Economic Policy Institute in May, this deal doubled our trade deficit with South Korea and destroyed nearly 100,000 American jobs.
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton “Voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs.”
Trade reform, and the negotiation of great trade deals, is the quickest way to bring our jobs back.
To understand why trade reform creates jobs, we need to understand how all nations grow and prosper.
Massive trade deficits subtract directly from our Gross Domestic Product.
From 1947 to 2001 – a span of over five decades – our inflation-adjusted gross domestic product grew at a rate of 3.5%.
However, since 2002 – the year after we fully opened our markets to Chinese imports – that GDP growth rate has been cut almost in half.
What does this mean for Americans? For every one percent of GDP growth we fail to generate in any given year, we also fail to create over one million jobs.
America's “job creation deficit” due to slower growth since 2002 is well over 20 million jobs – and that's just about the number of jobs our country needs right now to put America back to work at decent wages.
The Transpacific-Partnership is the greatest danger yet.
The TPP would be the death blow for American manufacturing.
It would give up all of our economic leverage to an international commission that would put the interests of foreign countries above our own.
It would further open our markets to aggressive currency cheaters. It would make it easier for our trading competitors to ship cheap subsidized goods into U.S. markets – while allowing foreign countries to continue putting barriers in front of our exports.
The TPP would lower tariffs on foreign cars, while leaving in place the foreign practices that keep American cars from being sold overseas. The TPP even created a backdoor for China to supply car parts for automobiles made in Mexico.
The agreement would also force American workers to compete directly against workers from Vietnam, one of the lowest wage countries on Earth.
Not only will the TPP undermine our economy, but it will undermine our independence.
The TPP creates a new international commission that makes decisions the American people can't veto.
These commissions are great Hillary Clinton's Wall Street funders who can spend vast amounts of money to influence the outcomes.
It should be no surprise then that Hillary Clinton, according to Bloomberg, took a “leading part in drafting the Trans-Pacific Partnership”.
She praised or pushed the TPP on 45 separate occasions, and even called it the “gold standard”.
Hillary Clinton was totally for the TPP just a short while ago, but when she saw my stance, which is totally against, she was shamed into saying she would be against it too – but have no doubt, she will immediately approve it if it is put before her, guaranteed.
She will do this just as she has betrayed American workers for Wall Street throughout her career.
Here's how it would go: she would make a small token change, declare the pact fixed, and ram it through.
That's why Hillary is now only saying she has problems with the TPP “in its current form,” – ensuring that she can rush to embrace it again at her earliest opportunity.
If the media doesn't believe me, I have a challenge for you. Ask Hillary Clinton if she is willing to withdraw from the TPP her first day in office and unconditionally rule out its passage in any form.
There is no way to “fix” the TPP. We need bilateral trade deals. We do not need to enter into another massive international agreement that ties us up and binds us down.
A Trump Administration will change our failed trade policy – quickly
Here are 7 steps I would pursue right away to bring back our jobs.
One: I am going to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which has not yet been ratified.
Two: I'm going to appoint the toughest and smartest trade negotiators to fight on behalf of American workers.
Three: I'm going to direct the Secretary of Commerce to identify every violation of trade agreements a foreign country is currently using to harm our workers. I will then direct all appropriate agencies to use every tool under American and international law to end these abuses.
Four: I'm going tell our NAFTA partners that I intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal for our workers. And I don't mean just a little bit better, I mean a lot better. If they do not agree to a renegotiation, then I will submit notice under Article 2205 of the NAFTA agreement that America intends to withdraw from the deal.
Five: I am going to instruct my Treasury Secretary to label China a currency manipulator. Any country that devalues their currency in order to take advantage of the United States will be met with sharply
Six: I am going to instruct the U.S. Trade Representative to bring trade cases against China, both in this country and at the WTO. China's unfair subsidy behavior is prohibited by the terms of its entrance to the WTO, and I intend to enforce those rules.
Seven: If China does not stop its illegal activities, including its theft of American trade secrets, I will use every lawful presidential power to remedy trade disputes, including the application of tariffs consistent with Section 201 and 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.
President Reagan deployed similar trade measures when motorcycle and semiconductor imports threatened U.S. industry. His tariff on Japanese motorcycles was 45% and his tariff to shield America's semiconductor industry was 100%.
Hillary Clinton, and her campaign of fear, will try to spread the lie that these actions will start a trade war. She has it completely backwards.
Hillary Clinton unleashed a trade war against the American worker when she supported one terrible trade deal after another – from NAFTA to China to South Korea.
A Trump Administration will end that war by getting a fair deal for the American people.
The era of economic surrender will finally be over.
A new era of prosperity will finally begin.
America will be independent once more.
Under a Trump Presidency, the American worker will finally have a President who will protect them and fight for them.
We will stand up to trade cheating anywhere and everywhere it threatens an American job.
We will make America the best place in the world to start a business, hire workers, and open a factory.
This includes massive tax reform to lift the crushing burdens on American workers and businesses.
We will also get rid of wasteful rules and regulations which are destroying our job creation capacity.
Many people think that these regulations are an even greater impediment than the fact that we are one of the highest taxed nations in the world.
We are also going to fully capture America's tremendous energy capacity. This will create vast profits for our workers and begin reducing our deficit. Hillary Clinton wants to shut down energy production and shut down the mines.
A Trump Administration will also ensure that we start using American steel for American infrastructure.
Just like the American steel from Pennsylvania that built the Empire State building.
It will be American steel that will fortify American's crumbling bridges.
It will be American steel that sends our skyscrapers soaring into the sky.
It will be American steel that rebuilds our inner cities.
It will be American hands that remake this country, and it will be American energy – mined from American resources – that powers this country.
It will be American workers who are hired to do the job.
We are going to put American-produced steel back into the backbone of our country. This alone will create massive numbers of jobs.
On trade, on immigration, on foreign policy, we are going to put America First again.
We are going to make America wealthy again.
We are going to reject Hillary Clinton's politics of fear, futility, and incompetence.
We are going to embrace the possibilities of change.
It is time to believe in the future.
It is time to believe in each other.
It is time to Believe In America.
This Is How We Are Going To Make America Great Again – For All Americans.
We Are Going To Make America Great Again For Everyone – Greater Than Ever Before.
Thank you.