This is so - so incredible. -

We - we have had, no matter where we go - you know, it's a movement, folks. This is a movement.

No matter where we go, it's amazing. We go to Dallas. We go to Oklahoma. We go all over. We went to, the other night, Iowa - packed. Every place - New Hampshire, packed. Every place we go to, it's like this. It's amazing. And just great, great people.

And they actually had to tell over 3,000 people, "go home." We'll come back. We'll do another one. But they had to go home. Would you like to leave and we'll let them come in? No?

I don't think so, but we - they turned away a lot of people, which is too bad, actually. So maybe next time. I don't know. I think this is the largest room. I know it's a record for the room.

You know, it has to be a record because every inch of the room is taken with people, and they're standing. They're not sitting. So that's great. I love - we love setting records. We want the country to set records, right?

So, you know, I - I do this, and I love to do it. And I talk about our success because that's ultimately what it's all about. I think we're going to do fantastically well in Iowa. I really think we're going to do great there. And I could say, "Oh, gee, if we came in the top four of five." I'm not - I'm looking to win everything. We want to run the table. We want to run it, because that sends a signal.

And, you know, we've been a little bit - we had to respond to Hillary. She came out with that - she came out - remember, she wrote - she said, "He's got a - he's demonstrated a penchant" - I demonstrated - "a penchant for sexism." Can you believe it? Me? Nobody respects women more than Donald Trump. That I can tell you.

And, you know, when she said that, I had no choice, because I didn't start it. I had no choice. And I did have to mention her husband's situation. OK?

(Laughter)

And that is now the biggest story on television by a factor of 10. So, we have to do it. You can't let people push you around. You can't let people tell lies. You can't do it.

You know, it's interesting. One of the polls came out from CNBC and they said that if it's Trump against Hillary in the election, it will be the greatest voter turnout in the history of this country. I can see that. I can see it.

And they said all of these people that are going to come in new, that never vote - they never vote, they don't care - they're going to mostly - I'll tell you what, they're going to vote for Trump. That's why they're coming in, because they're so fed up with the system - this corrupt, horrible system. They're fed up with it and they're fed up with those guys back there, the media.

TRUMP: They are the worst.

No, no, no. They're fed up. They're fed up with the media. I mean, I've got - and you know, not all bad, but there's so much dishonesty in the media. And I like to call it out. And one of the things that's really been amazing to me, and such - it's been so beautiful to watch - the level of genius in the public. They get it, you know? They really get it. They want to marginalize us, they want to do all of this and they want to make everybody look like, "Oh, gee."

The level of genius - they fully understand. They know they're crooked, they know they're dishonest and they really - otherwise, who gets worse publicity than me?

(Laughter)

And yet, I see a poll at 42 percent. And you know, you're talking about 15, 16 people, started with 17. How are you? Started with 17 people. And you know, I'd be happy with 42 if we had three, OK? Not thrilled, I'd like to be that - over that 50 mark, but I think we're doing really well.

And you know, it's interesting, but the debates - OK. So the debates - thank - I love you too, darling.

(Laughter)

I love you. I do. I love you. I love every - you know what? The rooms, no matter where, whether it's stadiums or big ballrooms like this one, it's amazing, and there's love in the room. And I told - the other night, I said and a friend of mine, very, very successful guy who I would love to have negotiating against China. That's what we need, not these hacks that we have.

No, no. I have guys ...

Carl Icahn endorsed me. Great business man. We have - I have great, great business people that want to be involved. And we're going to use - we have the best. We have the best in the world. We don't use them. We use political hacks, we use special interest people that really don't care about the country, they care about their deals.

This is going to change so fast. You know, last year, $500 billion trade deficit with China. Think about it. You know what $500 billion is? You do - you do $100 bills, you would fill the room to the ceiling, $500 billion deficit - trade deficit with China. What are we? Are we - yes, I guess the answer is certainly let's not blame us.

Our leaders are stupid and - and/or - you have to say and/or they have deals, because what's happened is all of this money is being given to them by special interests, by all of these people, including lobbyists, and these lobbyists make our leaders do - our leaders, can you believe our leaders? This is what - but they make the leaders of our country do things that they don't even want to do because they've given them tens and tens and tens of millions of dollars.

I look at this guy Jeb Bush. He spent $59 million on his campaign and he is down in the grave. He is nowhere. No, no. Think of it. It's got to be much more than that. It was actually $59 million a while ago. Every time I turn on an add, I see an ad about Trump. I mean, it's not that bad an ad either. It's like - you know.

If you're going to do an ad, do an ad. But he's a low-energy person. Let's face it. We don't need low-energy. We need lots of energy.

But he spent - think of it. Think of it. He spent $59 million. I spent nothing, right? Nothing.

Now, I'm going to be spending. You probably saw I'm going to spend - now, we're going to start spending a lot of money because I don't want to take any chances. You know, it's - I love getting up - and for the last couple of months, I have been leading from practically the time I announced, right? And for the last - and leading a lot. I'm going to go over that because I go over (ph) polls. I love polls. I love polls.

Now, when they - if they turn negative, I don't like them.

And I promise, if they turn negative, I'm not going to be talking about them. In fact, I get criticized all the time. You're always talking about your polls. One of these guys just got two. He's at two. I'm at 42. And one of these guys who's at two said, "He always talks about his polls and I don't." I wouldn't either if I had two, I swear I wouldn't.

I wouldn't. I wouldn't do it at all. But you know, I love to tell the story where I have spent nothing and Bush has spent $59 million, but much higher than that. That's just - you know, because I see since then - I mean, just - you can't turn on this television without these commercials. And Fox - every two minutes it's a commercial on Trump.

You know what he did? It's false advertising. So I killed him in the debate. According to Reuters, according to everybody, Drudge, who's an amazing guy, by the way. If you don't know Drudge - Matt Drudge. Right? He's a great guy. But Drudge, 46 percent. At 46 percent, you have 15 people. Now, if you noticed a couple have dropped out. A couple or more.

But 15, 16 people - 46 percent. Time magazine, 49 percent. Think of it. Slate, 51 percent. U.S. News and World Report - 69 percent said I won the debate. I wont the debate, right?

PBS, Public Broadcasting System - 69 percent said Trump won.

No, you know, it is amazing. We have Washington Times at 62 percent. CBS, 59 percent. Fox, 62 percent - Fox Las Vegas, 62 percent. So, they all say - then they go back home, after the debate. I like to see how did I do? Did I look good? Looking good is very important, right? Sometimes, it is not as much like what you say, it's how did you look?

Oh, I looked good, didn't sound too good, but that is OK. You wonder if that is a good trait. But I go home, and I watch, and the pundits will say - and they can't totally kill me, because we know it is happening, we know what's happening - well, Mr. Trump was OK tonight. He was - I won every single online poll, I won.

And then, here's Bush. So, Bush does an ad. And he takes me - and he was talking about, you know, something, and manage - and then I killed him. I mean, he - by the way, I met 69 percent, he is at 1 percent, he got. He came in last.

He takes the ad - and I shouldn't even talk about him. He's down to two or three - I - but it bothers me when I see a guy spending, you know, $60 million on ads against me, a lot of it, right? I say, why is he doing this? Doesn't he have something better, he should go home.

Just relax. You know, honestly, he should go home and relax. He shouldn't be wasting his time. But it does. I say, why is this guy spending all this money? Now he is spending it actually against a couple of other guys, they were also very weak and somewhere - but here is my ad. So, he made a statement, and after that, his spin people said, oh, he was great. He took on Trump, he took on Trump. I'm standing here, he's over here. Took on Trump, he made a statement that was written by his pollster. You know? So, he would remember (ph) it.

He said, "Mr. Trump, why don't you this?" I said, OK. Then I gave him an answer. I said, "Jeb, I'm at 42, you are at 2. Right? It is a simple answer. You started off here, right next to me, and then you were there, then you were there, by the next time, you are going to be off the stage. Right?

No, no, it's true. And then - and then - and that was it. And so I responded. So, he asked me a question, question was fine. You know, professionally written. So, he asked me a question, good. I give him an answer, I blow him away. Right. Everyone says Trump won the debate. Everybody. And hat is it. So, the ad is him asking the question and I'm standing there like this, because I haven't - in fact, you see in one of them, I'm just about ready to open my mouth.

But he doesn't let me respond. That is almost false advertising, isn't it? You know? So, I mentioned it, Hillary is a disaster. I mean, Hillary.

Hillary is controlled by her money. So is Jeb. So is - by the way, I'm the only one self-funding my campaign. I'm self-funding.

You know, one of the things that makes me happy. I heard one of my commentators this morning, said, "you know, I've been watching this stuff for 50 years and I've never seen anything like what has happened with Trump. One of them actually said - one of them - I'm special. You're special. I like you. I'm special.

Isn't that nice? That's a very - every once in a while, somebody can say something that hits you. Where are you? Who said that? Wow. So nice. Thank you. That is a nice one. That's like, you know, very once in a while, there is a statement that is either nice or brutal. I think low-energy was a brutal statement, right?

Low-energy can be applied to Hillary. I just don't like to use the same thing twice on one of my enemies. Right? Because I consider them enemies. We view this as war. Don't we view this as war? It's war.

It's war. And so, you don't like to use it. I hate to give it up. What?

How are you going to help my little girl (ph), daughter? Oh, we are going to help your daughter. We are going to help the country, that's called helping the daughter. We are going to help your country. So, here is the story. So, we are in a situation where we have incompetent leadership, where our trade deals are killing us, our military is not prepared. General Odierno when he left, just recently, he said that we are less prepared than at any time that he can remember. And I think he went back tot he beginning, but let's say second World War. OK? That's enough.

And we should be very prepared now, because the world hates us. She has done a terrible job as secretary of State. Think of it. Putin comes out, he said, Donald Trump is brilliant, he is doing an amazing job, and he is leading the pack. OK, that's nice.

And she and my opponents - oh, isn't it terrible that Putin said - wouldn't it be nice if we could get along with the world? Wouldn't it be? Seriously. No, no, wouldn't it be nice?

I mean, they want me to refute his statement. How dare you say I'm brilliant? How dare - that's - who's going to do that? And by the way, if he said it about anyone of them, they would have been very happy.

But the point is, we have to get along. The world has blown up around Barack Obama.

Now, I don't know if you saw his recent release. They were talking about the Department of State, State Department, and they said very strongly, you know, the things that they've done. Well, they couldn't find it because what have they done that's good? And they said bringing peace to Syria. Did you see that?

So instead of saying they made a mistake - call it a typo, they made a mistake - they're trying to justify it. Well, we meant we're working on it. Can you believe - bringing peace to Syria. The world is blowing up, the migration in Syria - they say one of their achievements for the year is bringing peace to Syria, and the whole world's talking about it. It's - the level of stupidity is incredible. I'm telling you. I used to use the word incompetent, now I just call them stupid.

I went to an Ivy League school, I'm very highly educated. I know words, I had the best words. I have - but there's no better word than stupid.

Right? There is none. There is none.

There's no - there's no - there's no word like that. So we are going to turn things around. But - and if we have Hillary - I've got to tell you. I just saw where for the last week she's been hitting me really hard with the women card, OK? Really hard. And I had to say OK, that's enough, that's enough. And we did a strong number. She's not going to win. Any by the way, I love the concept - I love, love, love having a woman president. Can't be her. She's horrible. She's horrible.

And you know really don't - I'll tell you who does not like - yeah, we'll get Ivanka. Good. Let's do Ivanka.

But I'll tell you who doesn't like Hillary are women. Women don't like Hillary.

I see it all the time. And always so theatrical; Mr. Trump said this and that and this. And you just - I actually - I shouldn't do it. I just have to turn off the television so many times. She just gives me a headache.

But you know - although I think last night I gave her a big headache.

I can imagine - I can imagine those discussions. But you have to hit back hard, and you can't let them push you around. And today, she gave a speech and she never even mentioned my name. You know, in the debate I was mentioned nine times, I mean everything. All of them. But her. I was mentioned nine times, none of the other candidates were mentioned. And then she came out with the sexism, which is so nonsense. And - but she's playing that card. And then I had to hit her back, so I hit her back and I talked about her husband and the abuse of women and the tremendous abuse - no, it's tremendous abuse.

I mean, you look at it, it's tremendous abuse. And I talked about that. And now today, the television is going crazy, and she gets up, makes a speech and doesn't even mention anything about me with sexism or anything else. I wonder why - I wonder why.

And remember this; it's really important. A poll just came out where we're tied, another one came out a couple of weeks ago, Fox, where I'm leading by four or five points against her individually. We're doing great. I haven't even focused on her yet.

Look at the people I've focused on. I don't want to really knock them, I don't want to mention their names. But, you know, of those people that are all gone, they were all people that attacked me. Wouldn't it be nice if our country could have that same thing? You attack and they're, boom, gone. And if we could do it verbally -

- you know, if we could do it verbally that's even better, right? You know, who wants to use our military? By the way, we are going to build the strongest, the best, the most powerful military ever. Ever. Ever.

And we're going to take care of our vets, we're going to take care of our vets -

And it will cost you much less money, and it will be great. I mean, you are signing in programs, things that you will never, ever use, You know that. And you are paying for it. And you will never ever use them. So we will get that straightened out. We are going to straighten a lot of things. We are going to straighten out Common Core. Common Core is dead. It's going to be dead.

When I look at parents and I see local parents in Iowa and New Hampshire and South Carolina, I went to a school and I saw the parents, they love their children. They want that - they want education. They love - they don't care about money, they don't care about anything. They love their children and it's local.

And they get together and they do wonderful programs. They are smart people as opposed to getting it done by bureaucrats that are getting big, fat checks in Washington. I mean, we have such talent in this country and we don't use it. So, Obamacare, dead. Common core, gone. We are going to get rid of it. Department of Education, we are going to get rid of it.

We are bringing education to a local level. One thing on education. So, in the world, we are ranked number 28. There are third world countries that are ranked better than us in education and many other things. And yet, per pupil, we are number 1, by far - there is nobody close. Number two isn't even close.

So we spend more money for pupil than any country in the world and we are ranked number 28 which is way down at the bottom, essentially. I mean, it's - can you imagine we are ranked number 28 and we are number 1? And that's what I do like saying about my campaign, I spent less money than anybody else and I have the best results.

I'm number one by a lot and I spent no money. I mean, my plane cost me some money, but I spent no ads. Took a little radio ad in Iowa. But I didn't do that - I took - I think the station is so lovely if you want to know the truth. But I spent essentially no money.

And then you have all these other guys spending vast - and they like the way the United States is run. Now, why would we put a guy like Jeb, like some of the others. It's not only Jeb Bush. They spend money. I see Rubio on the ads all day long.

You know, the black background. He's got like a black thing. He should have put something like that behind him, right? Right there, the flag.

No, no. And I like him. I think he is a nice guy. But I see these ads with the backdrop and it is just somber. It's not - I don't think it's good. So, think of it. I spent no money and I'm number one. Others spent - they will have spent hundreds of millions of dollars and they are not even in the race. That's what we need for our country. What? OK. I've got 15,000, I don't know what the hell he means by that but that's OK. So, but I think he's a fan. I don't think he's a - are you a protester? No. OK. No body likes Trump. OK. He's not a protester. I love you.

You know, the only time - don't worry about it. The only time the cameras focus on the crowd is when we have a protester. Cause I always have - like, look at this room, packed. I always have the biggest crowds.

And I go home and my wife said were there many people? I watched you on television tonight. I said, I had 20,000 people. She said, they didn't show it. They have it right on your face. So I have 20,000 people. I have 20,000 in Oklahoma, 35,000 in Mobile, Alabama. Nobody knows. Because those cameras stay right in your face and I think they can't move.

You know, I think they might be fixed because modern cameras maybe - except every time there is a guy that stands up protesting, you know, they are on drugs or something, cause some of those guys, it's like. They don't even know what the hell they are doing there, all the sudden, the cameras swerve and make perfect shots.

And I like it because then it shows how big the crowds are. So, you know. Some time I think I'm going to put in some false protesters. I'll put in some friendly protesters. It's the only way I'm going to be able to get the crowd in.

So when we started, I talked about trade. I talked about the border. I talked about a lot of things. And I started on June 16th and - in Trump Tower, the famous escalator ride. And it takes guts to run for president. I'll tell you, you know, it's like, I've never did this before.

And, you know, then they tell you on a debate we had the largest debate. We have the largest audience in the history of cable television. Then CNN a couple of weeks later had 23 million. Fox had 24 million. CNN had 23 million - the largest audience in the history of CNN.

Now, they're there - the cameras are on live right now. I mean, you know. So, the largest audience in the history of (inaudible).

Now, the debates used to be, if you go back four years or eight years, you know, whenever the cycles came up, nobody even wanted - they didn't want the debates. I think they were forced to take them for licensing. Nobody wanted the debates. They drew nothing, but now they're drawing 24 million. Now they want to have more debates - "Oh, can we have more? Can we have more?" Can they go three hours?

Do you remember when they had the one go three hours? I said, no, I'm not doing three hours. It's too long. Who wants - I could stand up here for 50 hours, but who the hell wants to sit home watching three hours of the stuff, right?

"Mr. Trump, you have 30 seconds. What would you do about ISIS?" Oh, great. And by the way, that question - I hate those questions. You know why? Because I want to be unpredictable. I don't want to tell ISIS what I'm going to do to knock the hell out of them.

Remember, I said very strongly - (inaudible) the oil for what, four years? You've been watching. I mean, four years. I've been "get the oil, get the oil, get the oil." Because who's going to get the oil? Iran is taking over Iraq. We made a deal for Iran, done by some of the dumbest people on earth, on our side. We gave them everything. They - we don't even get our prisoners back.

And now Iran wants to start negotiating separately for them. Can you believe it? I go crazy. We would have gotten them back. All you had to do was say, "We want our prisoners back." They would have said no. I would have said, "I want them back; you don't understand me. I want them back." They would have said, "No, we won't do that." I would have said, "Bye-bye," and I would have left. Then I would have doubled up the sanctions. And I guarantee you...

... I guarantee you that within 24 hours, they would have called back and they'll say, "You've got your prisoners; can we talk?"

And I would have never given them $150 billion. I would have never given them the money. I would have never give - they're using it - they don't have to make nuclear. They can buy it. Why are they going to make it? Then we have the nuclear, where they have self- inspections. How about the area - you know, the big area? They don't want us there. Oh, I wonder why. They don't want us there. So they self-inspect, OK?

Then they have the 24-day inspection, but the self-inspection is the beauty. "We think you're making nuclear weapons here." "Well, let us go check, Mr. President, we'll check."

"No, sir, we're not making nuclear weapons. Nobody - no, we're not; we would never do a thing like that."

These are people that have deceived us. They've lied to us. They're a terrorist state. But - and I used to say it's the worst deal that I've ever seen negotiated. And by the way, just to finish prisoners. So they'd come back; we get our prisoners. But then when I hear the other day that now this deal is done. It's all done. And now I hear they want to negotiate to get - and what do they say? They said very strongly, they said, "We are going to want a lot for the prisoners. That's out - we're starting off; we're going to want a lot."

Now, we've already taken off the sanctions. They're already rich as hell. What - what's going on there? That's why I say, I mean, some people say it's worst than stupidity. There's something going on that we don't know about. I mean, honest. And you almost think - I'm not saying that, and I'm not a conspiracy person. As you said, "We are; we're saying it."

Half the people in this room are saying it. I'm trying to be - you know, I'm just hoping they're just stupid people, OK?

Which they are. Or there's something going on. Because it's - it's inconceivable. You know, do you ever see where some things are so bad that it can't be - that nobody can do what they did, right? Nobody.

So, Iran now wants to negotiate separately for the (inaudible). In other words, that deal is done; now we want to start all over again. And they want a lot. "We want a lot." And I just - I want to just shoot the television, you know? Because they would have had it just by saying.

And, you know, when they asked Kerry and Obama, the deal was made. Everybody knows it's a horrible deal. It's going to need to - it's going to lead to tremendous nuclear proliferation, and they're so rich now. You know, they became - $150 billion - they became so rich. And many other things that you don't even know about. Most people don't even know what the agreement says.

But I'll tell you what, when you look at what we're doing, we're not going to have - if we keep going like this, folks, we're not going to have a country left. We're not going to have a country. We're not going to have a country.

And we're like a dumping ground for the world. We're a dumping ground. They want to take these migrants - the migrants, you know, and I feel terrible about the migration, caused by Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama. They're the ones that caused it. They go into Libya. They knocked the hell out of Gadhafi. OK, so Gadhafi - they backed rebels who end up killing the ambassador and the other young people.

You know the ambassador was riding in a jeep, one of our jeeps, of course, a military jeep, holding the Libyan flag and you know, freedom, freedom, freedom. And then gets killed by the same people. So, we backed people that turned out to be far worse than Gadhafi.

Look at what we did in Iraq. Look at what we did in Iraq. I mean, what the hell did we get? We spent $2 trillion, and that was as a year and a half ago. I keep saying two or three, it's a lot more than that. We spent $2 trillion, we have thousands of deaths, and I'm not even talking other side.

You are talking about hundreds of thousands, maybe millions. You have thousands of deaths. We have wounded warriors, who I love, all of. These guys are the toughest - these are the greatest people.

You know, these are the greatest people. And then what happens? We leave, and we have a president that announces the date of when we are leaving. So, I said, man, if I'm the enemy, I'm just going to go wait for 18 months right?

He gave a date. We are leaving Iraq, we will be gone by such and such a time. I said, I'm just sitting there watching and I'm saying, man, that's really stupid. Because, believe me, the enemy doesn't want to be killed. You know, you hear so much, oh they want to go with the virgins up to wherever they go, right?

They don't. They want to live. And they want to take care of their families, always their families. You remember that, because their families know what's going on OK? You think their wives don't know what they are planning? You think their kids don't know exactly what daddy is doing when daddy is going to fly into the World Trade Center? You think they don't know? They know exactly what's going on. Remember that. And frankly, I think they have more love for their family's lives than they do for their own lives, OK. But they still want to live. So here is Obama, gives an exact date. He gives an exact date and so they pull back.

And everyone says, oh, we are doing so well. Look, we're doing so well. Why should they fight when they know, in 18 months, they can go in and take the place? So what happens? So we have ISIS taking a lot of oil. I said take the oil. Remember when we left, I was opposed to going in because I said you're going to destabilize the Middle East.

Because you had Iraq and you had Iran. And I said, they fight, they're always fighting for decades and decades, for generations. They fight, that's what they do. They fight. How we ever got involved in this mess is hard to believe. They fight and they were equal militarily. They go this way, 10 feet. They go this way, 10 feet. Then they rest a couple of years, then they start fighting again.

Then Saddam Hussein throws a little gas. Everyone goes crazy. Oh, it's because (ph) of gas. They go back and forth. It's the same. And they were stabilized. And I said, if you go after one or the other, in this case Iraq, you're going to destabilize the Middle East. That's what going to happen. You're going to destabilize the Middle East. And that's exactly what happened. We totally destabilized the Middle East.

We have now migrations ,largely because of what's happened afterwards. You know Iraq was horrible. It was stupid to go in and we should have never gone in. But we shouldn't have gotten out the way we went out. And we shouldn't have given dates. I mean, I would have probably said we are going to stay forever. And they would have said, oh, man.

And then keep going, keep going and eventually they would get tired and say, this guy is crazy. I mean, he's never going to leave and you'll make a deal. But when you announce you are leaving in 18 months or whatever the hell he said, they just pull back. And then as soon as we left, they come in OK?

So they have the oil. You know who the biggest benefactor of the oil is right? China. Always China. I love China. I love Mexico. Their leaders are too smart for us. We have no border. We will build a wall. Mexico will pay for the wall by the way.

We're building a wall, we are going to have a border. And people are going to come into our country, but they are going to come in through a legal process. They're not coming in the way they're coming in now, just walking in like nothing.

They are going to come in, but they are going to come through a legal process. So, with Iraq, so we give them the date and they take over. We didn't take the year. So for four years, I have been talking about it. Then because of Paris, all of sudden they start bombing the oil.

But I didn't want to just bomb the oil. I wanted to take oil. They're bombing. You know, we are bombing. Great. What's going to happen after that? So we're bombing. And, you know, we are not really bombing it, because they are still selling it.

I said, how could they keep selling it? Obama does not want to hit them too hard because he is afraid he is going to pollute the atmosphere. No, this is serious. Now think of it. He talks about the carbon footprint and yet he will fly a very old Air Force one, an old Boeing 747, with the old engines and you know, spewing stuff.

So, he's got a problem with the carbon footprint. You can't use hair spray because hair spray is going to affect the ozone. I'm trying to figure out. Let's see, I'm in my room in New York City and I want to put a little spray so that I can -

- right? Right? But I hear where they don't want me to use hair spray, they want me to use the pump because the other one which I really like better than going bing, bing, bing -

- and then it comes out in big globs, right, and you - it's stuck in your hair and you say oh my God, I've got to take a shower again. My hair's all screwed up, right?

I want to use hair spray. They say don't use hair spray, it's bad for the ozone. So I'm sitting in this concealed apartment, this concealed unit - you know, I really do live in a very nice apartment, right?

But it's sealed, it's beautiful. I don't think anything gets out. And I'm not supposed to be using hair spray. But think of it. So Obama's always talking about the global warming, that global warming is our biggest and most dangerous problem, OK? No, no, think of it. I mean, even if you're a believer in global warming, ISIS is a big problem, Russia's a problem, China's a problem. We've got a lot of problems. By the way, the maniac in North Korea is a problem. He actually has nuclear weapons, right? That's a problem.

We've got a lot of problems. We've got a lot of problems. That's right, we don't win anymore. He said we want to win. We don't win anymore. We're going to win a lot - if I get elected, we're going to win a lot.

We're going to win so much - we're going to win a lot. We're going to win a lot. We're going to win so much you're all going to get sick and tired of winning. You're going to say oh no, not again. I'm only kidding. You never get tired of winning, right? Never.

But think of it. So Obama's talking about all of this with the global warming and the - a lot of it's a hoax, it's a hoax. I mean, it's a money-making industry, OK? It's a hoax, a lot of it. And look, I want clean air and I want clean water. That's my global - I want clean, clean crystal water and I want clean air. And we can do that, but we don't have to destroy our businesses, we don't have to destroy our -

And by the way, China isn't abiding by anything. They're buying all of our coal; we can't use coal anymore essentially. They're buying our coal and they're using it. Now when you talk about the planet, it's so big out there - we're here, they're there, it's like they're our next door neighbor, right, in terms of the universe. Miss Universe, by the way, I made a great deal when I sold - oh did I get rich.

That was a great deal. You know, they broke my choppers on that. They said he talks about illegal immigration, we're not going to put him on television. First of all, Univision is being sued like crazy; you wouldn't believe it. And NBC, I made a great deal with them, just like an amazing deal, far more than I would have ever gotten - I mean, I made an unbelievable deal - far more than I ever would have gotten if I said I think I'm going to sell it if times were normal, right? Isn't it amazing the way that stuff can work out?

But I love Miss Universe and I love the universe. But think of it. So China is spewing up all this stuff and we're holding back. And with China - you know, we signed these agreements where we have to do it now, they have to do it within 30 or 35 years. I don't think they're going to be doing it.

It's like Japan. If somebody attacks Japan, we have to immediately go and start World War III, OK? If we get attacked, Japan doesn't have to help us. Somehow, that doesn't sound so fair. Does that sound good?

So South Korea - I order televisions, I order thousands of televisions a year. I order televisions because I have a lot of stuff and I like nice brand new - they're all made in South Korea, most - other than Sony, and Sony, in all fairness, has lost its way. But a lot of them - Samsung, all of them. I mean, they're all pretty much - all of them, right? I think just about. But I order thousands of televisions, they're all from South Korea. So we have 28,000 people on the border separating South Korea from this maniac in North Korea, we get nothing. What do - we get nothing. They're making a fortune. It's an economic behemoth.

A lot of you don't know we protect Germany. Germany! Mercedes Benz, how many people have a Mercedes Benz? We protect Germany. It's an economic behemoth.

We protect Saudi Arabia. They were, during the good oil days - now it's probably half, which is fine. But during the good old - they were making a billion - listen to this - a billion dollars a day, and we protect them. Our military - they pay us peanuts, like nothing. And then if we want to buy - we want to move to another location, well, that's very expensive if we do that. We want - they charge us rent?

I mean, look. We are run by people that are so bad, they're so out of their league - and I see it, I see it on the stage. You know, they're - a lot of them are nice people. You know, a lot of people think I don't like these people. I do like them. But they don't have business sense, they don't have business ability, they don't have common sense. They're politicians, they're all talk, they're no action.

When I say...

... folks, when I say, "We're going to build a wall." Most of them say, "You can't build a wall - build a wall." In China 2,000 years ago, they built the Great Wall of China, which is bigger than any wall we're thinking about, OK? The Great Wall of China goes 18,000 miles. We have 2,000 miles of which we only need 1,000 miles, because you have a lot of natural barriers, right, that are extremely tough to get across. We have 1,000 miles.

So, China has 18,000 or 13,000 miles, and we have 1,000 miles. We have modern cranes. We have Caterpillar tractors - I want to use Caterpillar; I don't want to use Komatsu.

Made in America.

Even my hats, they're made in America. It wasn't easy to find a guy that could do those hats. You know what I'm talking about. I see so many knock-offs of my hat, right? "Make America Great Again." I see these things that are out of plastic. They're out of all sorts of crap. Mine are made in America. And honestly, they do a great job, but they don't produce as many as I'd like because, frankly, there's a big - I mean, it's amazing. Those hats are amazing. But I wanted to have it made. And you know why I wanted it - I wanted it, anyway, but I also knew that as soon as the hats came out, and other things - we have a website - as soon as the hats came out, I knew the press would be calling. And it's true. First hour when the hats were announced, I get a call from the New York Times. "Mr. Trump, where are those hats made?" I said, "America."

I knew it. I knew it. Because as you know, if I would have said China, I would have been in big, big trouble. But they're being knocked off all over the world. I mean, I see hats - they're like helmets. I see them all. But what are you going to do?

But here's the story. We've got to build a wall. So when I talk and when I'm up on the stage with these guys, these people - wonderful people - and a very nice woman, Carly. She's a nice woman. When I'm up on the stage with them, they think I'm crazy when I say "Mexico" - I'm saying, "We're going to build a wall; it's going to be a great wall; it's going to be real wall. See this ceiling? This ceiling is peanuts compared to the height of the wall I'm talking about."

I'm talking about a van to get up there. They're not coming down because it's too dangerous.

All right? Did you ever see what they do now? We have these little walls. They build ramps. They build a ramp. I say, "Wouldn't it be cheaper just to knock the wall down and just..." And then they drive over it with jeeps loaded up with drugs. Do you see this? They build ramps. There was a picture in Time magazine. It's a ramp - a little ramp that goes over the wall. So, they have a jeep - over, down, bump, make money. We get the drugs. Think of it. We - "build a wall" is right. You've got to build a wall.

We get the drugs. They get the cash. No so good, right? We don't like that deal. Our politicians don't know - they don't know.

So when I say "Mexico's going to pay for it," these guys on the stage with me, they're not business people. They don't understand. Mexico makes a fortune off the United States. Number one, we give them a lot of money. But in addition to that, they're taking our businesses. They're making - you talk about a trade deficit. I'll tell you what, Mexico in a certain way is in a mini-version the new China. Mexico is making an absolute fortune - peanuts, compared to the cost of the wall.

Let's say the cost of the wall is $10 billion. That's a good - I can do great job at $10 billion. I think we'll have a lot of money left over. Somebody else would - and by the way, 20 years ago, they wanted to build a wall. People that are opposed to it now, they wanted to stop and they wanted to build a wall. You know one of the reasons they didn't build the wall? Because of the Environmental Protection Agency, they couldn't get an environmental impact study approved. Can you believe it? Because there was a toad or a turtle or a snake or something was in the way.

Now, think of it. In China, in the South China Sea, there were these low-level land masses that were covered by water, but pretty close to the top. China sends in massive excavators and they're (inaudible). They're building military fortresses in the South China Sea. And a friend of mine, who is one of the biggest and richest people in China - he's a great guy. They're great people. They're fine. They're just too smart. I mean, the leaders are too smart for our people.

They won't be too smart when I put my people there.

When they call up, "We'd like to speak to the donor that is negotiating it." "No, no. The donor now is Carl Icahn. You're going to speak to Carl Icahn." You know Carl - great businessman. You have so many people - they call all these business people - call. So, a friend of mine, so I call him, I say, "You're actually doing that." And then jokingly, I said, "How long did it take to get started? Did you have to get an environmental impact study approved in order to excavate?"

He looked at me, goes, "I - I hope you're kidding when you say that.

They conceived of the idea and they started digging four hours later, OK? There is no, you know, go through 25 years of environmental impact, you are going to hurt the snail. You're going to hurt this. You are going to - they are doing a big thing.

They excavated - massive, massive - take a look, massive. The biggest excavation. They are ripping the hell out of that ocean. They are ripping it and they are taking their dirt and they are putting it - and they're building air fields and they're building forts.

We couldn't do it because, just like I said for the law. Legitimately, they could not get an environmental impact statement. Now, that's probably not the only reason it didn't happen. I heard their costs were too high. With me, that's easy.

You know, I'm doing the old post office or watch (ph) you (ph). I'm under budget, I'm ahead of schedule. Hey, look at the campaign. The guy's at $59 million and he's down at the bottom. I'm nothing and I'm at the top. It's the same thing.

I actually said - it's funny. The other day I got this great review. They said trump is a great speaker. The crowd is spellbound. But he has one problem. And I'm reading, and I want to see. The problem is, he speaks through the Applause. In other words, like I say that, you applaud, I start talking you finish your Applause. And you know why? Because I'm so excited, because we have so much potential. It's true.

I don't want to wait for your freaking Applause. We have - I have so many - we have so much potential. There are so many things to do. I don't really sort of want to wait. I want to do it. And I just noticed, I did it again. You were getting ready to give a big Applause, because you like that, and I'm speaking. I killed the Applause. But he is right. But except, I'm not a speaker. What I am is a doer. I get things done.

So, when the people up on the stage with me - and Hillary, Hillary doesn't have a clue. By the way, you talk about low energy. She has lower energy than Jeb Bush, which is hard to believe. She does. And I'll tell you and I've been saying it. And maybe it's rude, maybe it is not. But it doesn't matter. We have a much bigger problem. We have to save our country.

So, if I'm rude and if people think I'm rude - I'm actually a nice person. I have a big heart. I want to help people. I want to help the migration. I want to do a safe zone in Syria. I don't want them coming here. We don't know who these people are. They are undocumented.

And we should do a safe zone over there. We should have the Gulf states - Saudi Arabia and these states they are not spending. They have got to spend. They have to pay. You know, we are protecting them. We're doing - they wouldn't be there for two minutes if we weren't protecting them. They have to start paying. They are not taking anybody, OK?

How about Germany taking millions of migrants. Can you believe what she is doing to that country? And she was the person of the year and I wasn't. Everybody said Trump was supposed to.

(BOOING)

Hey, what are you going to do. I think she has made a terrible mistake. We will find out. Time will tell. They have tremendous crime problems. I think she has made a tremendous mistake. But what I like is in Syria, with other people's money, meaning the Gulf states and others and Germany and others.

Because, look, Germany is paying a fortune to accept all these people. They'll give us the money. We do a massive safe zone. And then eventually when this whole catastrophe straightens out, which I will probably be able to get it straightened out, I understand this now.

But once it's straightened out, they could go home to their country, you know, to their area. It is interesting, I have thousands of people that work for me. Thousands. And I have people that come from far - they are all here legally, don't worry about it. I use E- verify. But I have people - oh, they go and check. These guys go check.

They went into the old post office checking everybody who walked their dog, are you hear illegally? They said they found one person out of hundreds and hundreds. I don't believe it. But, you know, it is possible somebody slipped - hey, we do have 11 million people in the country. And it is probably a much higher number than that, OK? It is probably a much higher number.

But we have to do something about it and we are going to. So, I just want to finish by saying this. Look, we have a situation that is out of control. Our country is a dumping ground for the rest of the world. We are laughed at by the rest of the world.

And when I started this journey, and it is a journey, and I do love you people. You're amazing people. And by the way, you are so smart. A lot of times, they will say, well Mr. Trump's people are blue-collar. I love blue-collar. I'm honored by that.

But they are not blue-collar. We have blue-collar and we have executives and we have young people. They say the audience is old. It's not older. The audience is young. The other night in Iowa, I told that, and I said, we have so many young people and the place erupted. They are all young people. We have an amazing thing happening, it's just...

Look, that's their way of marginalizing, not even me, they are marginalizing you. It is disgusting. But when I started this journey and that's what it is, it's a journey and it's a movement that's taking place. It's a movement. Remember the old days? Silent majority? It's not right. It's a noisy majority. People are angry. It's a noisy majority. These aren't silent people anymore. I go to people - you can't even hear.

This is an amazing thing that's happened. I received a call from one of the biggest reporters, who happens to be liberal, but that's OK. (inaudible) a couple of them, right? But, a guy who's really respected, recently, and he said, "How does it feel?" I said, "How does what feel?" He said, "What you have done has never been done in the history of politics in the United States." I mean, even CNN said, "Number one political story of the year is Trump." You know what number two was? ISIS - ISIS was two. I'd rather reverse it. Let ISIS be one; let me be two, because I want to knock the hell out of them and make me number one next year.

Make me number one next year. But this reporter, who is a great intellect, actually, and a very smart guy, very good guy. He said - he said, "What you've done has never been done before in the history of this country." Newt Gingrich was on a television show the other say, and said, "This is one the great phenomenons (ph) I've ever seen in politics; nobody's ever seen it."

Crowds like this? Forget it. I mean, it's only confined to this (inaudible). Again, they sent 3,000 people home. Can you believe it? More than 3,000. It's - it's unbelievable what's happening. It's beautiful what's happening. It's beautiful what's happening. But Newt Gingrich said he's never seen anything like this.

But he said to me, the reporter, he said, "never been done before." I said, "Well, you know, it's fine, but if I don't win, it's just a waste of time." He goes, "No, no, no. What you've done is incredible." He said, "Even if you don't win, what you've done is incredible; you've totally changed the landscape of politics."

No, don't applaud, don't applaud, don't applaud. He said, "You've totally changed the landscape of politics; it's forever going to be different. Your campaign - there's never been anything like it." OK, he was very nice. I said, "You don't understand. You don't understand. If I don't win, I will consider this" - and I mean this - "a total and complete waste of time." I really do.

So - because we're not going to do anything. It's wonderful. Oh, good, I had nice crowds. They'll write about me every once in a while; every two years I'll have a story, "Trump ran this rather good campaign." If we don't win, to me, and honestly you should feel the same thing, if we don't win, it's a terrible waste of time, because you'll have somebody else in there. They won't be able to do what I do. They're not going to be able to. And even if you get one of these Republicans in, like, I didn't finish the - so, the wall.

When I say "Mexico is going to pay," they all laugh. They all go "heh, heh, heh." They think it's funny. Honestly, these are people - they think it's funny. They're laughing. You know, lightly, like "Oh ho, that's so funny; ha, ha, ha." They're going to pay for the wall, folks. They're making billions and billions and billions of dollars on deficits that we have with Mexico. The wall is peanuts. They're going to pay for the wall.

But I mention it, now they don't laugh because they're starting to agree with me. And then the other day, one of the people said - it was Ted Cruz, who is a nice guy. But he said, "We're going to build a wall at the southern border." I said, "Look" - and my wife is sitting (inaudible) - where did that come from, right? No, Ted's a good guy.

But he said on one of - I think it was on Fox, he was being interviewed. And he said, "We're going to build a wall at the southern border." He didn't say Mexico was going to pay was going to pay. He hasn't gone that far yet, but believe me that's going to happen. See, they're all trying to catch up with me. Because when I did this stuff, it was very out there.

Now, I'm the one that everybody wants to sort of aspire to. But what happens is - so Ted's up and he's talking. And, you know, routinely we're going to have the border; we're going to have this and that. And we're going to build a wall.

My wife is sitting there. She says, "Darling, did you hear that? He just said they're going to build a wall. That's the first time I've - you know, that's what you say." She hasn't heard that from any other candidate.

OK. So we're going to build a wall. Mexico is going to pay for it. There are so many things we're going to do. But when I - when I started the journey, it was amazing. I came down - it took courage. I went down in to the lobby of Trump Tower, on the escalator with Melania. I have never seen - it looked like the Academy Awards, the press. We have a lot of press here today. They're all live - look at all those live cameras.

So when I came down - when I came down on the escalator, we came down. And I said, "We're going to do things." And I mentioned illegal immigration. You wouldn't even be talking about illegal - it wasn't even on the radar. Nobody was talking about illegal immigration. Is that right? Now, it's one of the big subjects.

And that's why - and one of the beautiful polls that came out, and I'm so proud of it, CNN just came out with a poll a couple of, I guess a week ago - 36 percent for Trump; second is 16; third is 14; then 12. So they're way down. But on the economy, they give me 55 - 55 percent. That's with 16 people at the time.

On the budget, I mean, I understand - the budget, the economy, I win - I win it hands down, all right.

But listen to this. On illegal immigration, I'm almost at 50 percent.

And on ISIS, likewise, almost at 50 percent. So people want to be protected, they want to feel safe. They need strength, they need toughness, they need smarts. I don't want to be tough - you know, I know a lot of tough guys but they're not smart, and they're the - they're the easiest. You can be tough, you've got to be smart.

Let's start smart first. You've got to be smart-tough. You've got to be tough because the world is trying to take advantage of us. So what happens is this. I came out, I started - I did it, I was, oh, that first couple of weeks with illegal immigration and Mexico and all of this stuff. Then Kate was killed in San Francisco and Jamiel was killed in Los Angeles. Jamiel Shaw, an unbelievable young man, was killed, just shot right through the head by an illegal immigrant. Kate was shot by a guy who came in five or six times, shot in the back.

So many great people. And that's - these are two, so many. And then you have the economy and the jobs that are being lost and people aren't paying taxes and all of this stuff, right? And all of a sudden, people are coming over, and I say the wall and now they're starting to say the wall. We have to be progressive in our thinking. When I say progressive, I mean like smart. I'm not talking progressive like a Bernie Sanders would say, the guy want to tax you. Think of it.

Think of it. This guy wants to raise your taxes to 90 percent. No, no, think - you'll have to move out of this - I love this area, by the way. I've been here many times. Great golfing area, right? We love it.

No more golf if Bernie Sanders - no more golf. No, no, you won't have any golf anymore. There won't be - you won't have any money left to be - you'll be paying it in taxes. This guy is a total disaster.

And I'm not saying that - I'll tell you why. You know, Hillary said well, I'd like to run against Trump, believe me.

This poor Chuck Todd, Meet the Press. His show is dying and he keeps saying do it, do it, but I never liked it. You know, I just - he never treated me fairly. So I do his show, he gets the highest ratings he's had in years. He went from, like - believe me, I won't even give you the numbers, they were massive, the numbers, right? I saved his life, and then he goes Hillary Clinton said that she would most like to run against Donald Trump. And yes - and they're looking forward to it. Trust me, the last person - she's already gotten a dose last night, do you agree?

She had a tough night. She had a tough one. She had a tough night looking at the beauty pageant, OK?

So Hillary Clinton said - and here's Chuck Todd - and he's a nice guy. I'm not trying to knock him. Please don't be insulted, Chuck. But she says she doesn't like him. But he doesn't treat me right. So he goes the Clinton campaign said they'd most like to run against Trump, like I'm some kind of a sap. So I call him and I say Chuck, let me explain something. When they say they want to run against me, that means they don't want to run against me, do you understand that? Do you understand it's reverse psychology.

They say they want to run against me - first of all, I'm winning and tied in the polls now and I haven't even hit her yet. But look at what happened to all the guys I hit. They're gonzo, they're gone or they're failing badly, OK, and they'll be gone soon.

But Hillary Clinton - think of it. I say so Chuck, report it like properly. Trust me, they don't want to run against Trump. The last thing she wants in her whole life is - this was only - I did this in, like, 15 minutes what happened to them, because the husband wants to come and she wants to accuse me of things and the husband's one of the great abusers of the world? Give me a break. Give me a break.

Give me a break. So the last person she wants to run against is me.

Now here's the story. Look, here's the story. It's very simple. So I announced - and I was talking about trade, I was talking about the wall, I was talking about the borders, I was talking about Obamacare, I was talking about the 2nd Amendment will be saved, by the way. The 2nd Amendment.

It will be saved. The 2nd Amendment is going to be with us if I'm president. You know, they're doing everything. They want to get rid of the bullets now, they're doing everything they can -

Think of Paris, think of Los Angeles. Think if you had some guns in Paris on the good side, right? They had no guns. Paris has the toughest guns in the world, folks. And France - I mean, you get caught with a gun, it's - the only one that has guns are the bad guys. So they go in these various places, they called the guy the mastermind. He's a moron. I mean, this guy was a moron. I call him the guy with the dirty hat, right? They got him so good. By the way, the French police did a great job and our Los Angeles police did a phenomenal job. They did a great job.

Wouldn't it be wonderful if, let's see, this guy right here in front of me, he's a tough guy. This guy with the hat, with the lousy head of hair, but he's a strong-looking guy right here. This guy right there, see? And that one. Wouldn't it be nice if they had a gun on their waist? Somebody. Him, him, him, so that when they - you know what they were doing in Paris? Get over here, boom. Get over here, boom. Your turn, get over here, boom. One hundred and thirty people with more to follow because there are people that are so badly injured right now in hospitals. Other people are going to die.

Same thing over there. These are people that gave a party in honor of their marriage. There's something going on, folks. It's wrong. They gave them a party. They worked - they gave them a party. She came in on a fiance permit or some nonsense and she was radicalized, and he was probably radicalized by her or he was already radicalized.

And people knew that they were radicalized and people in the area knew that they had bombs - who the hell doesn't know? You're their next door neighbor. And they didn't want to talk about it. You've got to report these people. We've got a real problem. You've got to report them. No more nonsense.

They didn't report them, and the reason they didn't is because they don't disagree with them so much. OK? Believe me. It's not because they were afraid. You saw the one who wasn't politically correct to (ph) report them. They didn't want to report them. I mean, give me a break. So we have to change.

So it started off with me where I was going to talk about trade, I was going to talk about all the things, I was going to talk about the military, building it up. I was going to do all of this, but after Paris and California, and there will be others because they have no fear of us, but after Paris and California, it has totally changed and my poll numbers went up 10 points.

It's amazing. They went up 10 points. I said, "What, you think it was the debate?" Because I did good in the debate. They said, "No. People view you as a tough cookie that's not going to take this crap." That's what it is.

And now I talk about protection. I talk about - trust me. The trade - that's so easy for me. I've got the greatest guys in the world. They're going to come in, they're going to do a great job. I'm going to do some myself. I always talk about Ford. They're going to built a plant, $2.5 billion in Mexico. That's not going to happen with me. That stuff is - those deals are no good.

Ford's leaving. They're closing plants all over Michigan to build a plant in - in Mexico. How the hell does that help us? OK. Who are the people that think this is a good thing for us? And in the meantime, in Michigan and other places, we have plants closing all over the place and they're spending - think about a $2.5 billion - then they're going to sell cars, trucks and parts into the United States, no tax, no nothing.

I'll say you don't have to pay a tax, folks. And you know what? Ford will say "If I (inaudible) pay a tax, we're going to stay in the United States." I mean, it's very simple.

It's very simple. How about two weeks ago, Nabisco announced a big - Chicago. They announced they're going to leave Chicago with one of their big plants and they're going to move it to Mexico. What's my statement? We're not eating oreos anymore, right? No more.

But I don't want this. It's not going to happen. Then they're make - they're going to make product and they're going to sell it into the United States? Not going to happen. It's not going to happen. And by the way, I'm a free trader. I believe - we've got to be smart. I mean, we've got to get something. We don't get anything out of anything. We don't get anything.

We lose on everything. That Iran deal was a disaster. By the way, think of the Iran deal for one second. I always - and this came to me two weeks ago. I don't know why I didn't think of it sooner. Very disappointed with myself.

The Iran deal is the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated, OK? I'm wrong. You know what the worst deal is? Iran's a part of that one too. We gave them Iraq. That's even better. Think of it. We gave Iran Iraq. Iran has the biggest - think of it. They're going to have the richest oil - if you go to Iraq, take a look. Among the largest oil reserves in the world.

We gave them, by decapitating Iraq and then leaving, because frankly, once we did it we should have kept 20,00 troops or something, we give Iraq. So not only did they make a great deal in terms of the Iran deal that we know having to do with nuclear, we also gave them Iraq. We gave them Iraq, that they've been after for 100 years. We handed it to them.

So now, they have the largest oil reserves among - in the world. That's even better than the original deal. I mean, whoever is representing Iran is doing a hell of a job. OK? If that was a stock, you've got to buy some.

So we are not going to have deals like that with me. It's not going to happen. We're going to become rich again, we are going to become safe again and we are going to become strong again. And...

And you're going to remember this moment. This is going to be an important moment for all of us. The one thing I have to say and I have to ask you to do, go out and vote. It's going to be your turn.

Number three. Remember, it starts on February 1st with Iowa. We go to New Hampshire, then we go to the finals (ph), so three weeks. We've got four weeks to go, and then we have three weeks after we start. No matter what is going on in your life, you have got to out and vote. Because if you don't, it's not going to happen.

Don't sit back and say, oh, Trump is going to do well. The more we can win by, you know, the more power we have in a sense, because it is like a mandate. But you have got to go out and vote. And I will tell you this. It has been an honor to be here, I love this area, I love the people here. It's been an honor.

But we will make America great again, I promise. Thank you.

(OFF-MIKE) Thank you very much, everybody. Well, I want to begin by thanking the people of South Carolina. This is a special state. Thank you. These are special people and we got a little boost last week from a place we all remember -- New Hampshire. We can't forget it. Special, special. We love it. And they sent us in here with a very good feeling, right?

Very good feeling. So I really want to thank you and my volunteers. All of these people -- volunteers and they travel and they -- and I say, "what are you doing?" And now they're going to Texas and they're going all over. Some are going to Nevada. I'll be going to Nevada. We're making a big speech tomorrow in Atlanta and then we're going right to Nevada.

And I think we're going to do terrific and the SEC's (ph) going to be very, very exciting. We expect to do very, very well. Very well ...

I want to just say thank you to my family. It's been not easy for them. They don't see me anymore. I'm making speeches all the time and I have a great. I really have a great family so I just want to thank all of you.

And Ivanka -- you know we have a hospital ready just in case. In South Carolina we're going to have a baby. There's nothing wrong with that, right? So ...

Could be -- it could be any second. It could even be before I'm finished but it's -- but she insisted on being here. It was so important to Ivanka to insist on being here so thank you. Really good and Jared, Vanessa, Don.

We have a wonderful lieutenant governor who backed us very early in the process.

You know Henry, right? The lieutenant governor of South Carolina. I will take him over the governor anytime because we won. We won ...

He handle that very nicely. He's tough. He's very tough. Tiffany, Eric, Lara and Melania. Melania, say something. Go ahead, please ...

M. TRUMP: Just want to say an amazing place -- South Carolina. Congratulation to my husband. He was working very hard and he loves you. We love you and we're going ahead to Nevada. And we will see what happen (sic). He would be the best president ...

And representing some very, very wonderful children, Ivanka. Just say a few words.

I. TRUMP: Thank you, South Carolina. This is an amazing, amazing night. The momentum since the beginning of this campaign has been unbelievable and that's because my father's message resonants so deeply with so many people. So as our family we're incredibly proud. We're incredibly grateful to each of you so thank you for being here to support us. And I will say this, my father is an incredibly hard worker and he'll be working for each and every one of you. So together we'll make America great again. Thank you ...

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So I was watching upstairs and it was really amazing to be watching what I was watching. And some of the pundits and overall fair but not too much. But a number of the pundits said, "well, if a couple of the other candidates dropped out if you add their scores together it's going to equal Trump."

But these geniuses -- they're geniuses -- they don't understand that as people drop out I'm going to get a lot of those votes also. You don't just ...

You don't just add them together. So I think we're going to do very, very well. I think we're going to do very well. I want to also congratulate the other candidates. In particular I have to say Ted and Marco did a really good job and they got -- they did quite well as I understand. No, come on. Just one minute. Come on. One second, right? Good.

OK. We go back to war tomorrow morning. Tomorrow morning we'll be back but I just want to congratulate the other candidates. There's nothing easy about running for president, I can tell you. It's tough, it's nasty, it's mean, it's vicious, it's beautiful.

(LAUGHTER)

When you win it's beautiful and we're going to start -- we are going to start winning for our country. We're going to start winning.

Because our country doesn't win anymore. Doesn't win. We don't win with the military, we can't beat ISIS. We have great military but we can't beat ISIS. We don't win on trade. You look at what China's doing to us, what Japan does to us, what Mexico is just killing us at the border -- at the border and with trade. Mexico is killing us -- absolutely. We'll do the wall. Don't worry. We're going to do the wall.

We're going to do the wall and by the way, who's going to pay for the wall?

Mexico's going to pay for the wall and it's very easy. The other politicians come down, "you can't get Mexico to pay for the wall." I said, "100 percent." We have a $58 billion trade deficit with Mexico. The wall is going to cost $10 to $12 billion, OK? Believe me, they will pay. One of the officials -- actually, one of the ex-officials from Mexico had a news conference.

And he announced that we will not be paying for the wall. Who does Mr. Trump think he is? They came to me -- the press. These people -- look at all those cameras back there.

The press came to me and they told me that he said that he would not pay for the wall. Do you have a comment? I said, "yes. The wall just got 10 feet taller."

It's true. And I love Mexico. I love Mexico, I love China, I love many of these countries that rip us off because we have leaders that are incomptent and don't know what they're doing. I love these countries. They're great. I have thousands and thousands of Hispanics. We're going to Nevada.

I lead -- I lead with the Hispanics. I'm leading in every poll with the Hispanics. They love me, I love them. The problem is -- the problem is that the leaders of these countries whether it's Mexico or Japan or Viet Nam which is just doing a big number now all of a sudden or China in particular -- that's the big one. The greatest abuse of a country that I think I've ever seen financially -- China.

What they've done to us is the greatest single theft in the history of the world. They've taken our jobs, they've taken our money, they've taken everything. We're bringing our jobs back, folks. We're bringing our jobs back. We're going to bring them back ...

And I know how to do it. We've had so many -- we've had so many incredible endorsements and to me getting the greatest business people to endorse me is very important. Carl Icahn endorsed me, so many others have endorsed me.

And we're going to put these great business people in charge of trade and when China wants to come and negotiate, they're going to negotiate not with a political hack which is what they have now. They're going to negotiate with the best business minds in the world and we have them in this country.

So we're going to do a lot of beautiful work. We're going to terminate Obamacare. It's going to terminated. It's going to be over ...

It's going to be repealed and it's going to be replaced. And you're going to have much better health care at a much smaller cost because Obamacare -- if you look -- look at the increases in your Obamacare. Twenty-five, 35, 45, even 55 percent. It's dead. It's not working. We're going to go to a plan that's going to be so much better and so much less expensive.

So second amendment by the way -- this is a room loves the second amendment. Thank you, fellows. This is a room loves and cherishes the second amendment. We are going to protect our second amendment. Totally ...

Common core is gone. We are getting rid of common core. We're brining education to a local level. The people in this community -- every time I see them they want education locally. The parents, the teachers. They want to do it -- they don't want bureaucrats in Washington telling them how to educate their children.

We spend as a nation more for education per pupil than any other nation in the world. Not even close. More per pupil -- second place doesn't even exist it's so different. And yet out of 30 countries we're ranked number 30. You have China, you have Norway, Swenden, Denmark and then you have number 30, the United States. So we spend the most and we're at the bottom of the heap. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. It's not going to happen anymore.

We are going to build our military which I thank because a number of the people came down and a number of the pundits in Washington I -- we love our military.

We love our military. And by the way we love our police. Our police are terrific. We love our police ...

They are not being treated properly. We're going to build our military so big, so good, so strong, so powerful that nobody is ever going to mess with us, folks.

And we're going to buy -- we're going to buy the equipment that our generals, our soldiers, that everybody that's in the know want. We're not buying equipment that sells because they have political pull (ph). Because they take campaign and they give campaign contributions.

We are going to get the equipment that they want, not the equipment that they're told to have by senators and congressmen in Washington. We're going to have great equipment.

And the reason I can say that is I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm not getting millions of dollars from all of these ...

I'm not getting millions of dollars from all of these special interests and lobbyists and donors that once they get it they literally do whatever the politicians want. That's not going to happen. And we're going to take care of our vets. We love our vets and they're being treated terribly. We're taking care of our vets.

So we're now off to Nevada and it's a great state. We have great people. We have great people in our nation. No matter where we go -- I went to Mobile, Alabama -- 35,000 people. We went to Oklahoma recently twice -- 20,000 people, 20,000 people. No matter where we go we fill up the arenas.

Over here the other day we had a 9,000 -- we had a 10,000 -- we have people. The only thing that stops the crowds are the walls because we can't get them in. We have to send thousands of people away.

Time Magazine -- Time Magazine last year did an incredible cover story. They said "it's a movement." And that's what it is. It's an incredible movement with incredible people. Incredible people.

It's an incredible movement with incredible people. I tell you. And whether we go -- honestly whether we go to Dallas or whether we go anywhere you say -- you go to L.A. -- you go anywhere you say. Our people are incredible. And our theme -- what's our theme? You know it, right?

Our theme which I love may be the greatest theme of all time, right? And the word again eventually is going to come off. We're going to get rid of the whole theme because what's going to happen -- make America great again, right?

And the last two weeks because I've gotten to see so many -- I guess millions when you add them all up with all of these rooms and all of these speeches. And I've met so many people. But the people are so incredible that I've been saying make America great again and it's going to be greater than ever before. That's the kind of potential we have. Greater then every before.

I don't see how there is any room for misunderstanding or misinterpretation of the statement I made on June 16th during my Presidential announcement speech. Here is what I said, and yet this statement is deliberately distorted by the media:

"When Mexico (meaning the Mexican Government) sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you (pointing to the audience). They're not sending you (pointing again). They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems to us. They're bringing drugs.They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people! But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we're getting. And it only makes common sense. They're sending us not the right people. It's coming from more than Mexico. It's coming from all over South and Latin America, and it's coming probably from the Middle East. But we don't know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don't know what's happening. And it's got to stop and it's got to stop fast."

What can be simpler or more accurately stated? The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States. They are, in many cases, criminals, drug dealers, rapists, etc. This was evident just this week when, as an example, a young woman in San Francisco was viciously killed by a 5 time deported Mexican with a long criminal record, who was forced back into the United States because they didn't want him in Mexico. This is merely one of thousands of similar incidents throughout the United States. In other words, the worst elements in Mexico are being pushed into the United States by the Mexican
government. The largest suppliers of heroin, cocaine and other illicit drugs are Mexican cartels that arrange to have Mexican immigrants trying to cross the borders and smuggle in the drugs. The Border Patrol knows this. Likewise, tremendous infectious disease is pouring across the border. The United States has become a dumping ground for Mexico and, in fact, for many other parts of the world. On the other hand, many fabulous people come in from Mexico and our country is better for it. But these people are here legally, and are severely hurt by those coming in illegally. I am proud to say that I know many hard working Mexicans-many of them are working for and with me...and, just like our country, my organization is better for it.

The Mexican Government wants an open border as long as it's a ONE WAY open border into the United States. Not only are they killing us at the border, but they are killing us on trade ... and the country of Mexico is making billions of dollars in doing so.

I have great respect for Mexico and love their people and their peoples' great spirit. The problem is, however, that their leaders are far smarter, more cunning, and better negotiators than ours. To the citizens of the United States, who I will represent far better than anyone else as President, the Mexican government is not our friend...and why should they be when the relationship is totally one sided in their favor on both illegal immigration and trade. I have pointed this out during my speeches and it is something Mexico doesn't want me to say. In actuality, it was only after my significant rise in the polls that Univision, previously my friend, went ballistic. I believe that my examples of bad trade deals for the United States was of even more concern to the Mexican government than my talk of border security.

I have lost a lot during this Presidential run defending the people of the United States. I have always heard that it is very hard for a successful person to run for President. Macy's, NBC, Serta and NASCAR have all taken the weak and very sad position of being politically correct even though they are wrong in terms of what is good for our country. Univision, because 70% of their business comes from Mexico, in my opinion, is being dictated to by the Mexican Government. The last thing Mexico wants is Donald Trump as President in that I will make great trade deals for the United States and will have an impenetrable border--only legally approved people will come through easily.

Interestingly, Univision has just announced they are attempting to go public despite very poor and even negative earnings, which is not a good situation for a successful IPO or high stock price-not to mention that I am currently suing them for breach of contract. Remember, Univision is the one who began this charade in the first place, and they are owned by one of Hillary Clinton's biggest backers. After the speech was made, there were numerous compliments and indeed, many rave "reviews"-there was very little criticism. It wasn't until a week after my announcement that people started to totally distort these very easy to understand words. If there was something stated incorrectly, it would have been brought up immediately and with great enthusiasm.

The issues I have addressed, and continue to address, are vital steps to Make America Great Again! Additionally, I would be the best jobs President that God ever created. Let's get to work!

TRUMP: (OFF-MIKE) This was going to be a speech on Hillary Clinton and all of the bad things and we all know what's going on, and especially how poor she'd do as president in these very, very troubled times of radical Islamic terrorism.
TRUMP: Even her former Secret Service agent, who's seen her under pressure and in times of stress, has stated that she lacks the temperament and integrity to be our president. There will be plenty of opportunity to discuss these important issues at a later time, and I will deliver that speech very, very soon.
But today, there's only one thing to discuss, the growing threat of terrorism inside of our borders. The attack on the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was the worst terror strike on our soil since September 11th, and the worst mass shooting in our country's history.
So many people - it's just hard to believe, but just so many people dead, so many people gravely injured, so much carnage, such a disgrace. The horror is beyond description. The families of these wonderful people are totally devastated, and they will be forever. Likewise, our whole nation and indeed the whole world is devastated.
We express our deepest sympathies to the victims, the wounded, and their families. We mourn as one people for our nation's loss, and pledge our support to any and all who need it. I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of this attack.
Thank you. Our nation stands together in solidarity with the members of Orlando's LGBT community. They have been through something that nobody could ever experience. This is a very dark moment in America's history. A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub, not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens, because of their sexual orientation.
It's a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation. It's an assault on the ability of free people to live their lives, love who they want, and express their identity. It's an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety in their own country.
We need to respond to this attack on America as one united people, with force, purpose, and determination. But the current politically correct response cripples our ability to talk and to think and act clearly. We're not acting clearly, we're not talking clearly, we've got problems.
If we don't get tough, and if we don't get smart, and fast, we're not going to have our country anymore. There will be nothing, absolutely nothing, left. The killer, whose name I will not use, or ever say, was born in Afghan, of Afghan parents, who immigrated to the United States.
His father published support for the Afghan Taliban, a regime which murders those who don't share its radical views, and they murdered plenty. The father even said he was running for president of Afghanistan. The bottom line is that the only reason the killer was in America in the first place, was because we allowed his family to come here.
That is a fact, and it's a fact we need to talk about. We have a dysfunctional immigration system, which does not permit us to know who we let into our country, and it does not permit us to protect our citizens properly. We have an incompetent administration.
And if I'm elected president, that will not change, I will tell you, that will not change over the next four years. We have an administration that will not change. But if I get in there, it's going to change, and it's going to change quickly. We're going from totally incompetent to just the opposite, believe me.

TRUMP: Thank you.
With 50 people dead and perhaps more ultimately and dozens more wounded, we cannot afford to talk around issues anymore. We have to address these issues head-on. I called for a ban after San Bernardino and was met with great scorn and anger but now many years and I have to say many years but many are saying that I was right to do so. And although the pause is temporary we must find out what is going on. We have to do it.
It will be lifted - this ban - when and as a nation we're in a position to properly and perfectly screen these people coming into our country. They're pouring in and we don't know what we're doing. The immigration laws of the United States give the president powers to suspend entry into the country of any class of persons. Now, any class - it really is determined and to be determined by the president for the interests of the United States. And it's as he or she deems appropriate. Hopefully it's he in this case.

Thank you. I will use this power to protect the American people. When I'm elected I will suspend immigration from areas of the world where there's a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies until we fully understand how to end these threats. After a full ...

Thank you.
And by the way we have no choice. After a full and partial and long - really long overdue security assessment we will develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.

We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer. Many of the principles of radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions.
 Remember this, radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti- American.

I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, Jewish people are targets of persecution and intimation by radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence.

This is not just a national security issue. It's a quality of life issue. If we want to protect the quality of life for all Americans - women and children, gay and straight, Jews and Christians and all people then we need to tell the truth about radical Islam and we need to do it now.

We need to tell the truth also about how radical Islam is coming to our shores. And it's coming ...

With these people, folks, it's coming. We're importing radical Islamic terrorism into the West through a failed immigration system and through an intelligence community held back by our president. Even our own FBI director has admitted that we cannot effectively check the backgrounds of people we're letting into America. All of the September 11th hijackists were issued visas. Large numbers of Somali refugees in Minnesota have tried to join ISIS.
The Boston bombers came here through political asylum. The male shooter in San Bernardino again whose name I will not mention was the child of immigrants from Pakistan and he brought his wife, the other terrorist from Saudi Arabia through another one of our easily exploited visa programs.

TRUMP: Immigration from Afghanistan into the United States has increased nearly five fold - five fold in just one year. According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive sharia law. We admit many more, and that's just the way it is. We admit many more from other countries in the region.
And I'll tell you what: They share these oppressive views and values. We want to remain a free and open society. Then, and if we do, then we have to control our borders. We have to control, and we have to control them now, not later. Right now.

Thank you.
Yet Hillary Clinton, for months, and despite so many attacks, repeatedly refused to even say the words radical Islam until I challenged her yesterday. And, guess what, she will probably say them. She sort of has said them, but let's see what happens. She really has no choice, but she doesn't want to.
However, she's really been forced, and she has been forced to say these words. She supports, and the reason is, she supports so much of what is wrong, and what is wrong with this country, and what's going wrong with our country and our borders. She has no clue, in my opinion, what radical Islam is and she won't speak honestly about it if she does, in fact, know. She's in total denial, and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the entire world - true weakness.
I don't know if you know this, but just a few weeks before San Bernardino, the slaughter, that's all it was was a slaughter, Hillary Clinton explained her refusal to say the words "radical Islam." Here is what she said, exact quote, "Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people, and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism." That is Hillary Clinton.
So, she says the solution is to ban guns. They tried that in France which has among the toughest gun laws anywhere in the world, and 130 people were brutally murdered by Islamic terrorists in cold blood. Her plan is to disarm law abiding Americans, abolishing the Second Amendment, and leaving only the bad guys and terrorists with guns. No good. Not going to happen, folks. Not going to happen. Not going to happen.
Thank you.
She wants to take away American's guns and then admit the very people who want to slaughter us. Let them come into the country, we don't have guns. Let them come in, let them have all the fun they want.
I will be meeting with the NRA, which has given me their earliest endorsement in a presidential race, to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror. I will be always defending the Second Amendment.

Thank you. Thank you.
The bottom line is that Hillary supports policies that bring the threat of radical Islam into American and allow it to grow oversees, and it is growing. In fact, Hillary Clinton's catastrophic immigration plan will bring vastly more radical Islamic immigration into this country, threatening not only our society but our entire way of life. When it comes to radical Islamic terrorism, ignorance is not bliss. It's deadly - totally deadly.
The Obama administration, with the support of Hillary Clinton and others, has also damaged our security by restraining our intelligence gathering and we have, just, no intelligence gathering information. We need this information so badly, and he stopped it. We don't have the support. We don't have the support of the law enforcement system because Obama is not letting them do their job. They are not being allowed to do their job. And, they can do it well - better than anybody.
We need a new leader. We need a new leader fast.

TRUMP: Thank you.
They have put political correctness above common sense, above your safety, and above all else. I refuse to be politically correct.

I want to do the right thing. I want to straighten things out and I want to make America great again.

The days of deadly ignorance will end, and they will end soon if I'm elected. As president I will give our intelligence community, law enforcement and military the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks. They don't have those tools now.

We need an intelligence gathering system second to none. Second to none. That includes better cooperation between state, local and federal officials, and with our allies, very importantly. I will have an Attorney General, a Director of National Intelligence and a Secretary of Defense who'll know how to fight a war on radical Islamic terrorism.

And they will have the support that they need to get the job done right, not like it is right now. It's not right.

We also must ensure the American people are provided the information they need to understand the threat. The Senate subcommittee on Immigration has already identified hundreds of immigrants charged with terrorist activities inside the United States since September 11th. Nearly a year ago, the Senate Subcommittee asked President Obama's Department of Justice, State and Homeland Security to provide the immigration history of all terrorists inside the United States. These Departments refused to comply. Nobody even knows why. They refused to comply.
President Obama must release the full and complete immigration histories of all individuals implicated in terrorist activities of any kind since September 11th. So important. The public has a right to know how these people got here, how they came on to this great land, why are they here?

We have to screen applicants to know whether they are affiliated with or supporting radical groups and beliefs, very simple. We have to control the amount of future immigration into this country and we have to prevent large pockets of radicalization from forming inside America. Not complicated.

Every  and just think of this. Take a look. Every single event, even a single individual can be devastating, and all you have to do is take a look at what happened in Orlando and what happened in other cases. Just a single event. And just one person. Can you imagine what they'll do in large groups, which we're allowing now to come here.
Truly our President doesn't know what he's doing. He's failed us and he's failed us badly. Under his leadership this situation will not get any better, it will only get worse. And I've been saying that for a long time. Each year the United States permanently admits 100,000 immigrants from the Middle East and many more from Muslim countries outside of the Middle East. Our government has been admitting ever- growing numbers, year after year, without any effective plan for our own security.
In fact, Clinton's State Department was in charge of admissions and the admissions process for people applying to enter from overseas. Having learned nothing from these attacks, she now plans to massively increase admissions without a screening plan including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country. Tell me, tell me  how stupid is that?
This could be a better, bigger, more horrible version than the legendary Trojan Horse ever was. Altogether, under the Clinton plan, you'd be admitting hundreds of thousands of refugees from the Middle East with no system to vet them, or to prevent the radicalization of the children and their children. Not only their children, by the way, they're trying to take over our children and convince them how wonderful ISIS is and how wonderful Islam is and we don't know what's happening.
TRUMP: The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why she believes immigration from these dangerous countries should be increased without any effective system to really to screen. We're not screening people.
So why don't we have an effective screening system? We don't. We're being laughed at all over the world. The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans. The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us how she will pay for it, her plan will cost hundreds of billions of dollars long term.
Wouldn't this be money better spent rebuilding America for our current population including the many poor people already living here. We have cities, we have inner cities...

We have poverty all over and this is how we're spending billions of dollars. We have to stop the tremendous flow of Syrian refugees into the United States. We don't know who they are, they have no documentation and we don't know what they're planning and we won't unless we have proper supervisor and proper leadership in which case they're out of here. What I want...

What I want is common sense. I want a mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values. That's a choice I put before the American people. A mainstream immigration policy designed to benefit America or Hillary Clinton's radical immigration policy designed to benefit politically correct special interests. That's all it is. We've got to get smart and tough and vigilant and we've got to do it now because later is too late - going to be too late for our country.
The media talks about home grown terrorism but Islamic radicalism and that's a very, very important term - a term that the president refuses to use and the networks that nurture it are imports from overseas whether you like it or whether you don't like it. Yes, there are many radicalized people already inside our country as a result of poor policies of the past.
But the whole point is that we will be much, much and it will be easier to deal with our current problem if we don't keep on bringing people who add to the problem. And that's what they're doing. We're letting all of these people - hundreds of thousands of people come in and all they're doing is adding to this incredible problem we have.
For instance, the controversial mosque attended by the Boston bombers had at its founder and as its founder an immigrant from overseas charged in an assassination plot. This shooter and amazingly in Orlando was the child of an immigrant father who supported one of the most repressive regimes on earth. Why would we admit people who support violent hatred?
Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country and who suppress women, gays and anyone who doesn't share their views or values.

She can't have it both ways. She can't claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress these same communities. How does this kind of immigration make our lives better? How does this kind of immigration make our country better? Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people in in vast numbers who reject our values? Why? Explain.
Ask yourself who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community, Donald Trump with actions or Hillary Clinton with her words?
TRUMP: I will tell you who the better friend is and some day I believe that will be proven out bigly (ph).

And by the way the LGBT community is just - what's happened to them is just so sad and to be thinking about where their policies are currently with this administration is a disgrace to that community, I will tell you right now.
Clinton wants to allow radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our country. They enslave women, and they murder gays. I don't want them in our country.

Immigration is a privilege, and we should not let anyone into this country who doesn't support our communities. All of our communities, every single one of them. Americans already admitted four times more immigrants than any country on Earth, anybody in the world. Four times more. At least, because we don't even know who's coming in. And we continue to admit millions more with no real checks or scrutiny.
Not surprisingly, wages for our workers haven't budged. In almost 20 years. You wonder why we get the crowds, you wonder why we get this tremendous support, you wonder why I've gotten more votes than any Republican in any primary in the history of the Republican Party? Take a look at that. Take a look at your security, take a look at the wages. For 18 years they've been stagnant, they've even gone down.
So whether it's a matter of national security, or financial security, we can't afford to keep on going like this. Cannot afford it. We owe $19 trillion in debt. And no longer have any options. Our communities from all backgrounds are ready for some relief. This is not an act of offense against anyone. It's really an act of defense. I want us all, all of us, to work together. We have to form a partnership, with our Muslim communities. We have Muslim communities in this country that are great, and we have to form that partnership.
Now, the Muslim community, so important. They have to work with us. They have to cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad. They know it. And they have to do it, and they have to do it forthwith. I want to fix our schools. I want to fix our bridges. And our jobs market, we're going to have it rocket again, we're going to make great trade deals. But I want every American to succeed including Muslims.
But the Muslims have to work with us. They have to work with us. They know what's going on. They know that he was bad. They knew the people in San Bernardino were bad. But you know what? They didn't turn them in. And you know what? We had death, and destruction.
Hillary Clinton wants to empty out the Treasury to bring people into the country that include individuals who preach hate against our citizens. I want to protect our citizens, all of our citizens. The terrorist attack on Pulse nightclub demands a full and complete investigation into every single aspect of the assault. In San Bernardino, as an example, people who knew what was going on, they knew exactly, but they used the excuse of racial profiling for not reporting it. They said oh, "We thought so but we didn't want to use racial profiling." Which was probably an excuse given to them by their lawyer, so they don't get in trouble.
We need to know what the killer discussed with his relatives, parents, friends and associates. We need to know if he was affiliated with any radical mosques or radical activists and what, if any, is their immigration status. We have to know, and we have to know fast. We need to know if he traveled anywhere and who he traveled with. We need to know, and we need to make sure, every single last person involved in this plan, including anyone who knew something but didn't tell us, is brought to justice, so when people know what's going on and they don't tell us, and we have an attack, and people die, these people have to have consequences. Big consequences.

America must do more - much more - to protect its citizens, especially people who are potential victims of crimes based on their backgrounds or sexual orientation, as you just saw in Orlando.
TRUMP: It also means we must change our foreign policy. The decision to overthrow the regime in Libya, then pushing for the overthrow of the regime in Syria, among other things, without plans for the day after, have created space for ISIS to expand and grow like nobody has ever seen before.
These actions, along with our disastrous Iran deal, have also reduced our ability to work in partnership with our Muslim allies in the region. That is why our new goal must be to defeat Islamic terrorism not nation building. No more nation building. It's never going to work.
And by the way we've spent almost $5 trillion over the years on trying to nation build in the Middle East and it has been complete and total disaster. We're further away now than we were 15 years ago. For instance, the last major NATO mission was Hillary Clinton's war in Libya. That mission helped to unleash ISIS on a new continent.
I've said NATO need to change its focus and stop terrorism. We have to focus on terrorism and we have to stop terrorism. Since I've raised that criticism and it's OK. I've gotten no credit for it but these are minor details - NATO has since announced a new initiative - front page of the Wall Street Journal four days ago focused on just that. America must unite the whole civilized world in the fight against Islamic terrorism.

Pretty much like we did with communism during the Cold War. We tried it President Obama's way, doesn't work. He gave the world his apology tour. We got ISIS and many other problems in return. That's what we got. Remember the famous apology tour. We're sorry for everything.
I'd like to conclude my remarks today by again expressing our solitarily with the people of Orlando who have come under this horrific attack. When I'm president I pledge to protect and defend all Americans who live inside our borders. Wherever they come from, wherever they were born, I don't care. All Americans living here and following our laws not other laws will be protected.

Thank you. Thank you. We're going to be tough and we're going to be smart and we're going to do it right. America will be a tolerant and open society. America will also be a safe society. We will protect our borders at home. We will defeat ISIS overseas. We have no choice. We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety. We will make America rich again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.

Good evening. Thank you very much. I speak to you today as a lifelong supporter and true friend of Israel. I am a newcomer to politics but not to backing the Jewish state.
In late 2001, weeks after the attacks on New York City, and on Washington, and frankly the attacks on all of us, attacks that perpetrated... and they were perpetrated by the Islamic fundamentalists, Mayor Rudy Giuliani visited Israel to show solidarity with terror victims. I sent my plane because I backed the mission for Israel 100 percent.
In Spring of 2004, at the height of the violence in the Gaza Strip, I was the Grand Marshal of the 40th Salute to Israel Parade, the largest single gathering in support of the Jewish state. It was a very dangerous time for Israel and frankly for anyone supporting Israel, many people turned down this honor. I did not. I took the risk and I'm glad I did.
But I didn't come here tonight to pander to you about Israel. That's what politicians do. All talk, no action, believe me. I came here to speak to you about where I stand on the future of American relations with our strategic ally, our unbreakable friendship, and our cultural brother. The only democracy in the Middle East, the State of Israel.
My number one priority is to dismantle the disastrous deal with Iran. I have been in business a long time. I know deal-making and let me tell you, this deal is catastrophic, for America, for Israel, and for the whole of the Middle East.
The problem here is fundamental. We have rewarded the world's leading state sponsor of terror with $150 billion dollars, and we received absolutely nothing in return.
I've studied this issue in great detail. I would say actually, greater by far than anybody else. Believe me, and it's a bad deal. The biggest concern with the deal is not necessarily that Iran is going to violate it, because already, as you know, it has. The bigger problem is that they can keep the terms and still get the bomb by simply running out the clock. And of course, they'll keep the billions and billions of dollars that we so stupidly and foolishly gave them.
The deal doesn't even require Iran to dismantle its military nuclear capability. Yes, it places limits on its military nuclear program for only a certain number of years. But when those restrictions expire, Iran will have an industrial size military nuclear capability ready to go, and with zero provision for delay, no matter how bad Iran's behavior is. Terrible, terrible situation that we are all placed in, and especially Israel.
When I'm president, I will adopt a strategy that focuses on three things when it comes to Iran. First, we will stand up to Iran's aggressive push to destabilize and dominate the region. Iran is a very big problem and will continue to be, but if I'm not elected President, I know how to deal with trouble, and believe me, that's why I'm going to be elected president folks. And we are leading in every poll, remember that please.
Iran is a problem in Iraq, a problem in Syria, a problem in Lebanon, a problem in Yemen, and will be a very, very major problem for Saudi Arabia. Literally every day, Iran provides more and better weapons to support their puppet states. Hezbollah, Lebanon received, and I'll tell you what, it has received sophisticated anti-ship weapons, anti-aircraft weapons, and GPS systems and rockets. like very few people anywhere in the world, and certainly very few countries have.
Now they're in Syria trying to establish another front against Israel from the Syrian side of the Golan Heights. In Gaza, Iran is supporting Hamas and Islamic Jihad. And in the West Bank they're openly offering Palestinians $7,000 per terror attack and $30,000 for every Palestinian terrorist's home that's been destroyed. A deplorable, deplorable situation. Iran is financing military forces throughout the Middle East, and it's absolutely incredible that we handed them over $150 billion to do even more toward the many horrible acts of terror.
Secondly, we will totally dismantle Iran's global terror network, which is big and powerful, but not powerful like us. Iran has seeded terror groups all over the world. During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents. They've got terror cells everywhere, including in the western hemisphere very close to home. Iran is the biggest sponsor of terrorism around the world and we will work to dismantle that reach, believe me, believe me.
Third, at the very least, we must enforce the terms of the previous deal, to hold Iran totally accountable. And we will enforce it like you've never seen a contract enforced before folks. Believe me.
Iran has already since the deal is in place, test-fired ballistic missiles three times. Those ballistic missiles with a range of 1,250 miles were designed to intimidate not only Israel, which is only 600 miles away, but also intended to frighten Europe, and maybe someday hit even the United States. And we're not going to let that happen. We're not letting it happen, and we're not letting it happen to Israel, believe me.
Do you want to hear something really shocking? As many of the great people in this room know, painted on those missiles in both Hebrew and Farsi, were the words "Israel must be wiped off the face of the earth." You can forget that!
What kind of demented minds write that in Hebrew? And here's, you talk about twisted, here's another twisted part: testing these missiles does not even violate the horrible deal that we made! The deal is silent on test missiles, but those tests do violate United Nations Security Council resolutions. The problem is, no one has done anything about it. We will, we will, I promise we will.
Which brings me to my next point. The utter weakness and incompetence of the United Nations. The United Nations is not a friend of democracy. It's not a friend to freedom. It's not a friend even to the United States of America, where as you know, it has its home. And it surely is not a friend to Israel.
With President Obama in his final year, yay! He may be the worst thing to ever happen to Israel, believe me. Believe me, and you know it, and you know it better than anybody.
So with the president in his final year, discussions have been swirling about an attempt to bring a Security Council resolution on terms of an eventual agreement between Israel and Palestine. Let me be clear. An agreement imposed by the United Nations would be a total and complete disaster. The United States must oppose this resolution and use the power of our veto, which I will use as president, 100 percent.
When people ask why, it's because that's not how you make a deal. Deals are made when parties come together. They come to a table and they negotiate. Each side must give up something it values, I mean we have to do something where there's value in exchange for something that it requires. That's what a deal is. A deal is really something that when we impose it on Israel and Palestine, we bring together a group of people that come up with something. That's not going to happen with the United Nations. It will only further, very importantly, it will only further delegitimize Israel. It will be a catastrophe and a disaster for Israel. It's not going to happen folks.
And further, it would reward Palestinian terrorism, because every day they're stabbing Israelis, and even Americans. Just last week, American Taylor Allen Force, a West Point grad, phenomenol young person who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, was murdered in the street by a knife-wielding Palestinian. You don't reward behavior like that. You can not do it! There is only one way you treat that kind of behavior. You have to confront it!
So, it's not up the United Nations to go with a solution. It's really the parties that must negotiate a resolution themselves. You have no choice. They have to do it themselves, or it will never hold up anyway. The United States can be useful as a facilitator of negotiations, but no one should be telling Israel that it must abide by some agreement made by others thousands of miles away that don't even really know what's happening to Israel, to anything in the area. It's so preposterous. We're not going to let that happen. When I'm president, believe me, I will veto any attempt by the UN to impose its will on the Jewish state. It will be vetoed 100 percent.
You see, I know about deal-making. That's what I do. I wrote The Art of the Deal'. One of the best-selling, all-time, and I mean seriously, I'm saying one of', because I'll be criticized as though I say the', so I'm going to be very diplomatic. One of... I'll be criticized. I think it is number one, but why take a chance. One of the best-selling, all-time books about deals and deal making.
To make a great deal, you need two willing participants. We know Israel is willing to deal. Israel has been trying to sit down at the negotiating table without pre-conditions for years. You had Camp David in 2000, where Prime Minister Barak made an incredible offer, maybe even too generous. Arafat rejected it. In 2008, Prime Minister Olmert made an equally generous offer. The Palestinian Authority rejected it also. Then John Kerry tried to come up with a framework and Abbas didn't even respond, not even to the Secretary of State of the United States of America. They didn't even respond.
When I become President, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on Day One. And when I say something, I mean it. I mean it. I will meet with Prime Minister Netanyahu immediately. I have known him for many years and we'll be able to work closely together to help bring stability and peace to Israel and to the entire region.
Meanwhile, every single day, you have rampant incitement and children being taught to hate Israel and hate the Jews. It has to stop. When you live in a society where the firefighters are the hero's, little kids want to be firefighters. When you live in a society where athletes and movie stars are the heroes, little kids want to be athletes and movie stars. In Palestinian society, the heroes are those who murder Jews. we can't let this continue. We can't let this happen any longer.
You cannot achieve peace if terrorists are treated as martyrs. Glorifying terrorists is a tremendous barrier to peace. It is a horrible, horrible way to think. It's a barrier that can't be broken. That will end, and it'll end soon, believe me. In Palestinian textbooks and mosques, you've got a culture of hatred that has been fermenting there for years, and if we want to achieve peace, they've got to go out, and they've got to start this educational process. They have to end education of hatred. They have to end it, and now!
There is no moral equivalency. Israel does not name public squares after terrorists. Israel does not pay its children to stab random Palestinians. You see, what President Obama gets wrong about deal making is that he constantly applies pressure to our friends and rewards our enemies. And you see that happening all the time. That pattern practiced by the President and his administration, including former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, who is a total disaster by the way. She and President Obama have treated Israel very, very badly. But its repeated itself over and over again, and has done nothing to embolden those who hate America. We saw that with releasing the $150 billion dollars to Iran in the hope that they would magically join the world community. It didn't happen.
President Obama thinks that applying pressure to Israel will force the issue, but it's precisely the opposite that happened. Already, half of the population of Palestine has been taken over by the Palestinian ISIS in Hamas, and the other half refuses to confront the first half, so it's a very difficult situation thats never going to get solved, unless you have great leadership right here in the United States. We'll get it solved, one way or the other. We will get it solved. But when the United States stands with Israel, the chances of peace really rise, and rises exponentially. That's what will happen when Donald Trump is President of the United States.
We will move the American embassy to the eternal capital of the Jewish people, Jerusalem. And we will send a clear signal that there is no daylight between America and our most reliable ally, the State of Israel. The Palestinians must come to the table knowing that the bond between the United States and Israel is absolutely, totally unbreakable. They must come to the table willing and able to stop the terror being committed on a daily basis against Israel. They must do that. And they must come to the table willing to accept that Israel is a Jewish State and it will forever exist as a Jewish State.
I love the people in this room. I love Israel. I love Israel. I've been with Israel so long in terms of, I've received some of my greatest honors from Israel. My father before me, incredible. My daughter Ivanka is about to have a beautiful Jewish baby. In fact it could be happening right now which would be very nice as far as I'm concerned.
So I want to thank you very much. This has been a truly great honor. Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Wow. Thank you very much. Hello. I'd like to begin by thanking the people of Montana, South Dakota, New Mexico, New Jersey and California. We had some big, big days and we have some big numbers coming in, very big numbers.
I'm truly honored by your support. Together, we accomplished what nobody thought was absolutely possible and you know what that is and we're only getting started and it's going to be beautiful, remember that.
Tonight we close one chapter in history and we begin another. Our campaign received more primary votes than any GOP campaign in history, no matter who it is, no matter who they are, we received more votes. This is a great feeling. That's a great feeling.
This is not a testament to me but a testament to all of the people who believed real change, not Obama change, but real change is possible. You've given me the honor to lead the Republican Party to victory this fall. We're going to do it. We're going to do it, folks. We're going to do it.
I understand the responsibility of carrying the mantle and I will never, ever let you down  too much work, too many people, blood, sweat and tears. I'm never going to let you down. I will make you proud of your party and our movement, and that's what it is, is a movement.
Now recent polls have shown that I'm beating Hillary Clinton and with all of her many problems and the tremendous mistakes that she's made and she has tremendous mistakes, we expect our lead to continue to grow and grow substantially. To everyone who voted for me throughout this campaign, I want to thank you. I want to thank you very, very much.
To those who voted for someone else in either party, I will work hard to earn your support and I will work very hard to earn that support. To all of those Bernie Sanders voters who have been left out in the cold by a rigged system of super delegates, we welcome you with open arms. And by the way, the terrible trade deals that Bernie was so vehemently against and he's right on that will be taken care of far better than anyone ever thought possible and that's what I do. We are going to have fantastic trade deals. We're going to start making money and bringing in jobs.
Now I know some people say I'm too much of a fighter. My preference is always peace, however and I've shown that. I've shown that for a long time. I built an extraordinary business on relationships and deals that benefit all parties involved, always. My goal is always again to bring people together. But if I'm forced to fight for something I really care about, I will never, ever back down and our country will never, ever back down.
Thank you. I've fought for my family. I've fought for my business. I've fought for my employees. And now, I'm going to fight for you, the American people like nobody has ever fought before. And I'm not a politician fighting, I'm me. You're going to see some real good things happen.
Just remember this: I'm going to be your champion. I'm going to be America's champion because you see this election isn't about Republican or Democrat; it's about who runs this country  the special interests or the people and I mean the American people.
Every election year politicians promise change. Obama promised change and it didn't work out too well. And every year they fail to deliver. Why would politicians want to change a system that's totally rigged in order to keep them in power? That's what they're doing, folks. Why would politicians want to change a system that's made them and their friends very, very wealthy? I beat a rigged system by winning with overwhelming support, the only way you could've done it  landslides all over the country with every demographic on track to win; 37 primary caucus victories in a field that began with 17 very talented people.
After years of disappointment, there is one thing we all have learned  we can't fix the rigged system by relying on very, and I mean this so, so strongly, on the very people who rigged it, and they rigged it, and do not ever think anything differently. We can't solve our problems by counting on the politicians who created our problems.
The Clintons have turned the politics of personal enrichment into an art form for themselves. They've made hundreds of millions of dollars selling access, selling favors, selling government contracts, and I mean hundreds of millions of dollars. Secretary Clinton even did all of the work on a totally illegal private server. Something about how she's getting away with this folks nobody understands.
Designed to keep her corrupt dealings out of the public record, putting the security of the entire country at risk and a President in a corrupt system is totally protecting her  not right. I am going to give a major speech on probably Monday of next week and we're going to be discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons. I think you're going to find it very informative and very, very interesting. I wonder if the press will want to attend, who knows.
Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her private hedge fund  the Russians, the Saudis, the Chinese  all gave money to Bill and Hillary and got favorable treatment in return. It's a sad day in America when foreign governments with deep pockets have more influence in our own country than our great citizens.
I didn't need to do this. It's not easy, believe me. I didn't need to do it. But I felt I had to give back to our wonderful country which has been so good to me and to my family. I've traveled to many of our states and seen the suffering in people's eyes. I've visited communities in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Indiana and Ohio whose manufacturing jobs, they literally, these jobs have virtually disappeared, an embarrassment to our country and it's horrible. I've embraced the victims of illegal immigration, moms and dads who have had to bury their own children because of people that shouldn't have been in the country  remember it, folks, remember it.
I visited the crumbling cities and the struggling schools. I've seen our dilapidated airports, highways, bridges and I've compared them to other countries where we see facilities so far superior to ours it's really not to be believed, hard to imagine what's happened to our country. America is getting taken apart piece by piece, auctioned off, and just rapidly, auctioned off to the highest bidder. We're broke, we're broke. We owe $19 trillion dollars going quickly to $21 trillion. Our infrastructure is a disaster. Our schools are failing. Crime is rising. People are scared. The last thing we need is Hillary Clinton in the White House or an extension of the Obama disaster.
What a crowd, what a crowd. Thank you all very much. We love our country, we love our country. But we can turn this all around. We're going to do it by putting America first. That commitment is the foundation for change that's been missing and it's been missing for a long time. It's important to understand what America First means. It means on foreign policy we will never enter into any kind conflict unless it makes us safer as a nation. It has to make us safer as a nation. This is the opposite of Hillary's foreign policy which invaded Libya, destabilized Iraq, unleashed ISIS and threw Syria into chaos and created the mass migration which is wreaking havoc all over the world, and while putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons and making them a dominant power in the Middle East and they are dominant and we have made them that way, folks. We have made them that way.
You better hope I'm President. On trade, America First means the American worker will have his or her job protected from unfair foreign competition. What's happening there is absolutely a disgrace. No PPP, you're right about that and you mean no PP. We are going, and remember this; we are only going to have great trade deals, OK. We are only going to have that. We're not going to approve, as somebody just said, the TransPacific Partnership which is a disaster, a disaster, for our country, almost as bad as NAFTA signed by Bill Clinton, which has just stripped our country of our factories and our manufacturing and moved them to other places, in particular Mexico. If it's not a great deal for our country, we will not sign it. It's got to be great for our country, for our community, for everybody in here because believe me we are all suffering and we're suffering bigly and it's getting worse.
On energy policy, America First means opening up America's great potential to bring wealth and prosperity to our own workers including our wonderful and hard-working miners who have been absolutely totally mistreated by this Administration.
On economic policy, America First means having tax and regulatory policies that keep jobs and wealth in the United States, substantially lowering taxes for middle class Americans and business; likewise, regulation which is strangling our economy which would be brought down from its present insane level. We will make it very, very good for our companies, for our small business and for people that want to survive and do well in our country.
On immigration policy, America First means protecting the jobs, wages and security of American workers, whether first or tenth generation. No matter who you are, we're going to protect your job because let me tell you our jobs are being stripped from our country like we're babies. The beauty of America First is that it brings us all together. Every American worker of every background is entitled to the same benefits, protections and rights and privileges; it's got to be that way. Now, the people in charge say things can't change. I'm here today to tell you that we have to change. We have no choice. We have to change.
We're going to put America back to work. We're going to make our own products. We're going to put America back to work. We're going to rebuild our inner cities which are absolutely a shame and so sad. We're going to take care of our African American people that have been mistreated for so long. We're going to make you and your family safe, secure and prosperous, prosperous again. Together, we will put the American people first again, first again.
We will make our communities wealthy. We will make our cities safe again. We will make our country strong again. Ladies and gentlemen, we will make America great again, remember. Thank you. Thank you very much everybody.

Thank you for joining me today.

This was going to be a speech on Hillary Clinton and how bad a President, especially in these times of Radical Islamic Terrorism, she would be.

Even her former Secret Service Agent, who has seen her under pressure and in times of stress, has stated that she lacks the temperament and integrity to be president.

There will be plenty of opportunity to discuss these important issues at a later time, and I will deliver that speech soon.

But today there is only one thing to discuss: the growing threat of terrorism inside of our borders.

The attack on the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Florida, was the worst terrorist strike on our soil since September 11th, and the worst mass shooting in our country's history.

So many people dead, so many people gravely injured, so much carnage, such a disgrace.

The horror is beyond description.

The families of these wonderful people are totally devastated. Likewise, our whole nation, and indeed the whole world, is devastated.

We express our deepest sympathies to the victims, the wounded, and their families.

We mourn, as one people, for our nation's loss  and pledge our support to any and all who need it.

I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of the attack.

[SILENCE]

Our nation stands together in solidarity with the members of Orlando's LGBT Community.

This is a very dark moment in America's history.

A radical Islamic terrorist targeted the nightclub not only because he wanted to kill Americans, but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation.

It is a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation.

It is an assault on the ability of free people to live their lives, love who they want and express their identity.

It is an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety in their own country.

We need to respond to this attack on America as one united people  with force, purpose and determination.

But the current politically correct response cripples our ability to talk and think and act clearly.

If we don't get tough, and we don't get smart  and fast  we're not going to have a country anymore -- there will be nothing left.

The killer, whose name I will not use, or ever say, was born to Afghan parents who immigrated to the United States. His father published support for the Afghan Taliban, a regime which murders those who don't share its radical views. The father even said he was running for President of that country.

The bottom line is that the only reason the killer was in America in the first place was because we allowed his family to come here.

That is a fact, and it's a fact we need to talk about.

We have a dysfunctional immigration system which does not permit us to know who we let into our country, and it does not permit us to protect our citizens.

We have an incompetent administration, and if I am not elected President, that will not change over the next four years -- but it must change, and it must change now.

With fifty people dead, and dozens more wounded, we cannot afford to talk around the issue anymore -- we have to address it head on.

I called for a ban after San Bernardino, and was met with great scorn and anger but now, many are saying I was right to do so -- and although the pause is temporary, we must find out what is going on. The ban will be lifted when we as a nation are in a position to properly and perfectly screen those people coming into our country.

The immigration laws of the United States give the President the power to suspend entry into the country of any class of persons that the President deems detrimental to the interests or security of the United States, as he deems appropriate.

I will use this power to protect the American people. When I am elected, I will suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States, Europe or our allies, until we understand how to end these threats.

After a full, impartial and long overdue security assessment, we will develop a responsible immigration policy that serves the interests and values of America.

We cannot continue to allow thousands upon thousands of people to pour into our country, many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer.

Many of the principles of Radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions.

Radical Islam is anti-woman, anti-gay and anti-American.

I refuse to allow America to become a place where gay people, Christian people, and Jewish people, are the targets of persecution and intimidation by Radical Islamic preachers of hate and violence.
It's not just a national security issue. It is a quality of life issue.

If we want to protect the quality of life for all Americans  women and children, gay and straight, Jews and Christians and all people  then we need to tell the truth about Radical Islam.

We need to tell the truth, also, about how Radical Islam is coming to our shores.

We are importing Radical Islamic Terrorism into the West through a failed immigration system -- and through an intelligence community held back by our president.

Even our own FBI Director has admitted that we cannot effectively check the backgrounds of the people we are letting into America.

All of the September 11th hijackers were issued visas.

Large numbers of Somali refugees in Minnesota have tried to join ISIS.

The Boston Bombers came here through political asylum.

The male shooter in San Bernardino  again, whose name I won't mention -- was the child of immigrants from Pakistan, and he brought his wife  the other terrorist - from Saudi Arabia, through another one of our easily exploited visa programs.

Immigration from Afghanistan into the United States has increased nearly five-fold in just one year. According to Pew Research, 99% of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia Law.

We admit many more from other countries in the region who share these same oppressive views.

If we want to remain a free and open society, then we have to control our borders.

Yet, Hillary Clinton  for months and despite so many attacks  repeatedly refused to even say the words "radical Islam," until I challenged her yesterday to say the words or leave the race.

However, Hillary Clinton  who has been forced to say the words today after policies she supports have caused us so much damage  still has no clue what Radical Islam is, and won't speak honestly about what it is.

She is in total denial, and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the world.

In fact, just a few weeks before the San Bernardino slaughter, Hillary Clinton explained her refusal to say the words Radical Islam. Here is what she said: "Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people, and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism."

Hillary Clinton says the solution is to ban guns. They tried that in France, which has among the toughest gun laws in the world, and 130 were brutally murdered by Islamic terrorists in cold blood. Her plan is to disarm law-abiding Americans, abolishing the 2nd amendment, and leaving only the bad guys and terrorists with guns. She wants to take away Americans' guns, then admit the very people who want to slaughter us.

I will be meeting with the NRA, which has given me their earliest endorsement in a Presidential race, to discuss how to ensure Americans have the means to protect themselves in this age of terror.

The bottom line is that Hillary supports the policies that bring the threat of Radical Islam into America, and allow it to grow overseas.

In fact, Hillary Clinton's catastrophic immigration plan will bring vastly more Radical Islamic immigration into this country, threatening not only our security but our way of life.

When it comes to Radical Islamic terrorism, ignorance is not bliss  it's deadly.

The Obama Administration, with the support of Hillary Clinton and others, has also damaged our security by restraining our intelligence-gathering and failing to support law enforcement. They have put political correctness above common sense, above your safety, and above all else.

I refuse to be politically correct.

I will do the right thing--I want to straighten things out and to Make America Great Again.

The days of deadly ignorance will end, and they will end soon.

As President I will give our intelligence community, law enforcement and military the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks.

We need an intelligence-gathering system second to none. That includes better cooperation between state, local and federal officials  and with our allies.

I will have an Attorney General, a Director of National Intelligence, and a Secretary of Defense who will know how to fight the war on Radical Islamic Terrorism  and who will have the support they require to get the job done.

We also must ensure the American people are provided the information they need to understand the threat.

The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration has already identified hundreds of immigrants charged with terrorist activities inside the United States since September 11th.

Nearly a year ago, the Senate Subcommittee asked President Obama's Departments of Justice, State and Homeland Security to provide the immigration history of all terrorists inside the United States.

These Departments refused to comply.

President Obama must release the full and complete immigration histories of all individuals implicated in terrorist activity of any kind since 9/11.

The public has a right to know how these people got here.

We have to screen applicants to know whether they are affiliated with, or support, radical groups and beliefs.

We have to control the amount of future immigration into this country to prevent large pockets of radicalization from forming inside America.

Even a single individual can be devastating, just look at what happened in Orlando. Can you imagine large groups?

Truly, our President doesn't know what he is doing. He has failed us, and failed us badly, and under his leadership, this situation will not get any better -- it will only get worse.

Each year, the United States permanently admits more than 100,000 immigrants from the Middle East, and many more from Muslim countries outside the Middle East. Our government has been admitting ever-growing numbers, year after year, without any effective plan for our security.

In fact, Clinton's State Department was in charge of the admissions process for people applying to enter from overseas.

Having learned nothing from these attacks, she now plans to massively increase admissions without a screening plan, including a 500% increase in Syrian refugees.

This could be a better, bigger version of the legendary Trojan Horse.

We can't let this happen.

Altogether, under the Clinton plan, you'd be admitting hundreds of thousands of refugees from the Middle East with no system to vet them, or to prevent the radicalization of their children.

The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why she believes immigration from these dangerous countries should be increased without any effective system to screen who we are bringing in.

The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans.

The burden is also on Hillary Clinton to tell us how she will pay for it. Her plan will cost Americans hundreds of billions of dollars long-term.

Wouldn't this money be better spent on rebuilding America for our current population, including the many poor people already living here?

We have to stop the tremendous flow of Syrian refugees into the United States  we don't know who they are, they have no documentation, and we don't know what they're planning.

What I want is common sense. I want a mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values.

That is the choice I put before the American people: a mainstream immigration policy designed to benefit America, or Hillary Clinton's radical immigration policy designed to benefit politically-correct special interests.

We've got to get smart, and tough, and vigilant, and we've got to do it now, because later is too late.

The media talks about "homegrown," terrorism, but Islamic radicalism, and the networks that nurture it, are imports from overseas.

Yes, there are many radicalized people already inside our country as a result of the poor policies of the past. But the whole point is that it will be much, much easier to deal with our current problem if we don't keep on bringing in people who add to the problem.

For instance, the controversial Mosque attended by the Boston Bombers had as its founder an immigrant from overseas charged in an assassination plot.

This shooter in Orlando was the child of an immigrant father who supported one of the most repressive regimes on Earth. Why would we admit people who support violent hatred?

Hillary Clinton can never claim to be a friend of the gay community as long as she continues to support immigration policies that bring Islamic extremists to our country who suppress women, gays and anyone who doesn't share their views.

She can't have it both ways. She can't claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress them.

How does this kind of immigration make our life better? How does this kind of immigration make our country better?

Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people here-in vast numbers-who reject our values?

Ask yourself, who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community, Donald Trump with his actions, or Hillary Clinton with her words? Clinton wants to allow Radical Islamic terrorists to pour into our country-they enslave women, and murder gays.

I don't want them in our country.

Immigration is a privilege, and we should not let anyone into this country who doesn't support our communities  all of our communities.

America has already admitted four times more immigrants than any country on earth, and we continue to admit millions more with no real checks or scrutiny.

Not surprisingly, wages for our workers haven't budged in many years.

So whether it's matter of national security, or financial security, we can't afford to keep on going like this. We owe $19 trillion in debt, and no longer have options.

All our communities, from all backgrounds, are ready for some relief. This is not an act of offense against anyone; it is an act of defense.

I want us all to work together, including in partnership with our Muslim communities. But Muslim communities must cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad  and they do know where they are.

I want to fix our schools, roads, bridges and job market. I want every American to succeed. Hillary Clinton wants to empty out the Treasury to bring people into the country that include individuals who preach hate against our own citizens.

I want to protect our citizens  all of our citizens.

The terrorist attack on the Pulse Night Club demands a full and complete investigation into every aspect of the assault.

In San Bernardino, as an example, people knew what was going on, but they used the excuse of racial profiling for not reporting it.

We need to know what the killer discussed with his relatives, parents, friends and associates.

We need to know if he was affiliated with any radical Mosques or radical activists and what, if any, is their immigration status.

We need to know if he travelled anywhere, and who he travelled with.

We need to make sure every single last person involved in this plan  including anyone who knew something but didn't tell us  is brought to justice.

If it can be proven that somebody had information about any attack, and did not give this information to authorities, they must serve prison time .

America must do more  much more  to protect its citizens, especially people who are potential victims of crimes based on their backgrounds or sexual orientations.

It also means we must change our foreign policy.

The decision to overthrow the regime in Libya, then pushing for the overthrow of the regime in Syria, among other things, without plans for the day after, have created space for ISIS to expand and grow.

These actions, along with our disastrous Iran deal, have also reduced our ability to work in partnership with our Muslim allies in the region.

That is why our new goal must be to defeat Islamic terrorism, not nation-building.

For instance, the last major NATO mission was Hillary Clinton's war in Libya. That mission helped unleash ISIS on a new continent.

I've said NATO needs to change its focus to stopping terrorism. Since I've raised that criticism, NATO has since announced a new initiative focused on just that.

America must unite the whole civilized world in the fight against Islamic terrorism, just like we did against communism in the Cold War.

We've tried it President Obama's way. He gave the world his apology tour, we got ISIS, and many other problems, in return.

I'd like to conclude my remarks today by again expressing our solidarity with the people of Orlando who have come under attack.

When I am President, I pledge to protect and defend all Americans who live inside of our borders. Wherever they come from, wherever they were born, all Americans living here and following our laws will be protected.

America will be a tolerant and open society.

America will also be a safe society.

We will protect our borders at home.

We will defeat ISIS overseas.

We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety.

We will make America rich again.

We will make America safe again.

We will make American Great Again.

Thank you.

...We're doing really well. Iowa's been amazing. It's been amazing. We're doing so well and I love this place and I'm back here all the time and I'm going to be here a lot in January.
You're going to be so sick of me. You'll probably say, "We can't give  the caucus, just forget it. We can't stand the guy any more."
No, you're going to like me and we're going to be back and we're going to do a great job for you. Most importantly, we're going to get to that office and we're going to do the right thing. We're going to do the right thing.
So, a few things. A lot  so much has happened.
You know, when we first came out, we were all talking together. And we were talking border security, which we're just doing so great with the border security.
We're going to build a wall. Mexico's going to pay for the wall. We all know that. But we're going to have security. And the drugs are going to stop and the people that are going to come into the country but they're going to come into the country they're going to be legal, they're coming in legally, and that's the way. That's the way.
And it affects Iowa so much.
So we were talking about. So we were talking about that. We were talking about repealing Obamacare. Boom. It's going to be repealed. It's going to be replaced.
I don't know if you've been seeing what's happening but Obamacare is a total disaster. It's dying of its own weight.
And by '17, meaning he'll be playing golf and I'll be working very hard. But '17 instead you're not getting the people signed up. There's been a lot of talk about it and a lot of stories about it.
Obamacare's dead but we'll terminate it quicker than that.
And we will come up with something that will be so good, so much better.
Premiums are going through the roof. Deductibles are so high that unless you're close to death, you'll never going to get to use. And even then I don't think you're going to get to use it really.
So, we're going to take care of that.
And by the way, we have a lot of good people. We have ethanol. Nobody is really  we have the ethanol  where are the ethanol people? Right?
I was here a month ago and I met with them all and they do a fantastic job. I toured the plants and they do a fantastic job but it's so important. And it's another form of let's stay away from OPEC and let's stay away from that Middle East stuff. It's so important...
Actually what I don't understand because the one guy that's doing pretty good with me in Iowa is Ted Cruz and he's a nice guy. I mean, everything I say he agrees with me. No matter what I say.
I was going to do one really wild but he agrees.
But with the ethanol, really, he's got to come a long way because he's right now for the oil.
But I understand it. Oil pays him a lot of money. He's got to be for oil, right? The oil companies give him a lot of money.
But I'm with you. I'm with everybody. Look, I'm self funding. I have no oil company. I have no special interest. I have no lobbyist that want me and you know, they're representing countries that are ripping off the country, they're representing companies that are ripping off our country.
All I do is I'm going to be working for you folks. We're going to do this thing together. We're going to make America so great again and maybe better than ever before. So important.
So when we first started, I talked about China how they're ripping us and Japan and Mexico.
Mexico both at the border and in trade. They're taking so many of our companies. Nabisco's moving there with their big plant. Ford is moving there with a big plant. They took a big plant away from Tennessee  a great state  they took it away at the last moment.
I'm not going to let that stuff. We're going to do what we have to do, okay?
But I talked about that...and I talk about it a lot. The fact is that about 2.5 weeks ago with Paris, I'm speaking a little bit differently now.

Believe me, I can take care of China in my back pocket. That's easy for me. That's what I do.
And we have all the cards. A lot of people don't know. You know, these politicians they don't understand we have the cards.
You know, with China, our people pay tax. They pay no tax. It's not supposed to be that way. They call it a tariff because it sounds better. But we'll take care of that. We'll take care of all of that.
What happened is with Paris, there's a different mindset.
And when the polls came out last week, my numbers went way up because people felt more secure with me.
Now, maybe it had to do  who knows why? Who knows?
But my poll numbers went up. And do you ever notice whenever there's something that I do that's proper but controversial, they'd say "Oh, now he's gone. That's it. That's the end."
I won't go over all of the different things because maybe you'll change your minds.
But they'd say, "That's it. It's over."
And then they'd come in, "Sir, your poll number went up 9 points this week." I said, "They did?" Because I have to do what's right. I have to do what's right.
And you know what? If I don't make it, I don't make it.
I have a good life. We all hopefully have a good life. I have a great family, nice people, wonderful people. They love me. I think. I hope. I think. But I have a great family and I built a great business.
...There's such spirit...There's such spirit no matter where I go. You know, I go to Dallas. We have 20,000. 35,000 people in Mobile, Alabama. 20,000 people in Oklahoma. Wherever we go in Iowa, we have these crowds. You know this is supposed to be...for like a record.
It is big and yet it feels intimate. It feels good...
...So I changed a couple of weeks ago. When I saw Paris I changed. And a big, big part of what I'm doing now is safety and security and smartness and smartness.
Sort of interesting. You know, the slogan is "Make America Great Again" and I'm adding "Make America Great Again and Safe Again" because we don't feel safe anymore.
And the problem we have now that we've never had to this extent is the power of weaponry. It's the power. It's the tremendous power.
You know, 100 years ago, I would have said "Let's not go." I said "Don't go there" anyway. And I said it strongly "Don't go. You're going to destabilize the Middle East."
But the fact is right now, we're going to have to do things because we have some really, really sick degenerates.
And the press  look at all those cameras going all live, all  you know, nobody else has cameras like this. They can make a speech 100 times they make a speech, nobody cares. Look at this.
And don't worry, they never pan the crowd. You know, they never; they have me. That's why I'm walking around. I figured I'll walk around maybe they'll get the crowd. They never pan the crowd. I tell them "Pan the crowd", they never do.
...I had a crowd 7,000 people last week. More. 7,000 people and in a confined space. They had 3,000 people outside that couldn't get in. My wife says, "Darling, the speech was excellent. Did you have many people there?" I said "What?" She said, "Well, they never leave your face." They keep it purposely. But I'll tell you the cameras may be a little screwed up where you can't move them, right?
But every time there's a protester "Well, I'm protesting" and it can be in the back lefthand corner of the room, the cameras swoop over there. It's true. It's true. It's true.
No, I used to think they couldn't move. You know, maybe there's something with the crazy computers.
You know, in the old days everything was better right? The car seats. You'd sit in your car and you want to move forward and back, you press a button. Bing, bing. Now, you have to open up things, press a computer, takes you 15 minutes.
Well, the same thing I figured with cameras. I didn't think they moved. I figured they were fixed for certain reasons. And then I saw a protester and those cameras were bent in positions like you wouldn't believe possible.
So, they're very dishonest people. What can I say? Not all of them but most of them.

I'll tell you, you have one of the most dishonest right here in your backyard. The Des Moines Register is the worst. They are the worst. The worst. No, they're very dishonest.
You have some reporter named Jacobs. She is the worst. She will write  so  it's such misrepresentation. And so I don't care. I mean, who cares? So I'm saying it right in their backyard. They're failing anyway. They probably won't be in business in two years. I think they're losing a fortune. I think.
You know, it's funny. Every time the Des Moines Register does a poll, I always do badly.
...I'm only doing this so they don't sue me but I don't mind if they do. I hope they sue me because they don't have enough money to sue me. That's the good thing.
But I believe and I may be wrong  in fact, I'll say I'm sure I'm wrong but it's my opinion that they don't do it properly because you know they poll like 300 or 400 people. I'll explain it...You know, if they lose 20 people in the pocket. "Oh, Trump? Oh, forget that one. Forget that one."
Now, I don't know that they do that. Do you do that, Des Moines Register?
But every time I have a Des Moines Register poll, I do poorly. I also do poorly with the Bloomberg polls. I don't know why.
But we had a great poll come in  CNN last couple of days  where we're leading I think by 13 points in Iowa. In Iowa.
And then we have another coming where we're doing well.
But I think Des Moines Register has somebody says it's coming out sometime. I'll just tell you, watch  "Trump disappears!"
I think we're going to do so well. I think we're actually going to even do better. You know, we're leading in most of the poll. We're leading in every poll.
Except Iowa there was one poll  there was one poll, Monmouth  I'd never even heard Monmouth. What the hell is Monmouth? What is Monmouth? Explain it. I don't like Monmouth. You know why I don't like it? Because they always treat me badly also.
But I only like polls that treat me well.
But we're doing so well. Nationwide, we're leading every poll by tremendous. We just had one in Georgia  44%. 44%. Think of that. That's 44% with 15 people. I'd take 44% if we had three people. I don't think I'd take it if we had two people but I think I'd take if we had three. But 44%.
CBS came out as you know, you probably saw that, New York Times two days ago and we're at 35% to a small number. We're killing everybody in every poll. Just one little outlier here.
...Again, I'm sure when Des Moines comes out it'll be a negative because I don't believe that poll.
But we are going to win. And I'll tell you what. Honestly, Iowa is so important to me. I could say, "Oh, let's not do"  I am an evangelical. I am a Christian. I'm a Presbyterian. I'm a Presbyterian. I love Billy Graham.
Franklin Graham came out with the most beautiful statements. Franklin Graham. He was so incredible. He came out  I don't know if you all saw the statements he came out with about Trump...He was so incredible. Franklin Graham was amazing, the son of Billy Graham, who was, you know, there's nobody, nobody that I've ever seen  Billy Graham was unbelievable. If anybody's gone to his crusades, they were incredible.
But so I think we're going to do  we're doing really well with the evangelicals...
And by the way and again, I do like Ted Cruz but not a lot of evangelicals come out of Cuba in all fairness. It's true. Not a lot come out. But I like him nevertheless.
I think we're going to do great and we are doing great with evangelicals. We're doing great with the Tea Party, leading with the Tea Party.
And we're doing fantastic with all the young and middle. We're doing great with everybody.
And so it's very important for me to win Iowa.

Now, I could put less pressure on myself and I could say, "Oh, I don't care about Iowa. I don't care." But I do care. I do care so much about it. That's why we're here all the time.
And then the lies happened. You know, when I was using Iowa, they lied so much. I said, "The people of Iowa can't be that stupid or the people of the country can't  ". I'm trying to make a point, right? So I said, "The people of the country can't be that stupid." Well, they cut the "country" out so it's referring to Iowa.
I love you people. Remember that. Remember that.
I was talking about something, and I won't even mention what I'm talking about because the guy I'm talking about and was actually a very good guy.
But I will say this. We want to win Iowa so bad. Because if I win Iowa, I think we'd run the table. I really do. I think we'd run the table. We'd go right through.
Because we're leading big in New Hampshire  every poll. Big. Big in New Hampshire. Christie got an endorsement from this crazy newspaper up there. It's the weirdest deal I've ever seen.
And you know the paper that was in his state called up and said, "Are you sure about that? Nobody ever called us." They can't believe it. And we can get into that but it's irrelevant.
But we're leading New Hampshire big. We're leading in South Carolina like monstrous numbers. We're leading...Nevada. We're leading in Texas. We're leading everywhere. We're leading big in Florida.
Now, you have Rubio  nice guy, by the way. You have Rubio and he is a nice guy but you've got to vote. When people put you in a position to be a Senator, you've got to go and vote. You can't be the number one person that doesn't vote in the Senate. You've got to say, "Hey, I'm a young guy. I want to go and vote." You should stay there a little longer. He's a good guy. Stay there, go in, vote, create a nice record.
But I don't know. How's he doing in Iowa? Not too good. Right? He's not doing well. How's Rubio doing? Not good.
I mean, it seems like a two-person race right now...and it's an important race to me. So I just want to let you know it's very important.
So with all of that, if we win Iowa, a lot of people say we'd just go through. I think we'll win virtually every state in the Union and it's over quickly. Over quickly.
...What about the Republican establishment? The establishment's got a problem, you know. It's sort of like the fighters. You know, the great champions. Sometimes they'll go into the hometown of a guy they're fighting and they'll say, "You know, we'd never want to get a decision. We go for the knock-out. The knock-out is the knock-out." Because you get a lot of bad decisions. I know a lot about the world of sports, believe me, and they go into a hometown to fight and it's a decision and they say, "Uh, we're in a problem" and they'd lose the fight that they won. The only way they win the fight definitely  knock out.
So, if we win Iowa, I think we're going to win everything after that. So I think it's going to show how important Iowa is.
...I'll pledge this to Iowa. Even if I lose, I'll pledge it, okay? I don't think I've ever said that in my life. If we go and win, Iowa's staying right where it is in the chain. It's not moving. You know, there's a big move to move Iowa into a much further back position by the establishment. Folks, I win it's not happening, okay? You're staying right here because it's great. It's great.

...You've been paying into Social Security and Medicare, by the way. Let's put them in. Because Medicare does work. With both, you have tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse. We're going to take care of that. Okay?
But we're not going to cut your Social Security and we're not cutting your Medicare. We're going to take jobs back from all these countries that are ripping us off. We're going to become a wealthy country again. And we're going to be able to save your Social Security.
...I can't believe this number but I read it over  who is the man that told me the number  over 6 million people  I can't believe it  are aged 112 and over are getting Social Security...But I heard it. I read it. A tremendous  like 6 million people are getting Social Security. They're dead. Meaning somebody else is picking up...
...The press is going to have to check it because what do I know? But can you imagine, we have 6 million  now, we know there's not 6 million, there may be one. But there's not 6 million.
Anybody in this room 112 or over? Because if they are, I want to shake your hand.
But  so 6 million over 112 years old picking up Social Security and that's the beginning. So there's tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse.
What we're going to do is we're going to save Medicare. We're going to save Social Security. We're not going to raise the age or we're not going to do all the things that everyone else is talking about doing. They're all talking about doing it, and you don't have to. We're going to bring our jobs back. We're going to make our economy incredible again.
My tax proposal, which is in, and a great detail in terms of policy and it's gotten tremendous reviews from a lot of people, a lot of great groups.
But we are going to cut taxes tremendously for the middle class and for businesses because our middle class is being decimated.
And when that happens, you're going to see an economy that takes off. We're going to get rid of a lot of that debt, if not all of it. But we're going to get rid of it  you know, we're at $19 trillion going t $21 trillion right.
You know, if you go back eight or nine years, trillion wasn't even a word anybody knew and now it's like routine.
So we are going to save your Social Security without cuts. We're going to bring the economy back. We're going to make ourselves rich again.
A woman said to me in New Hampshire recently, she said, "Mr. Trump, I'm voting for you. I love you. But it's very crude when you say you're going to make our country rich again." I said, "I know it's crude. It sounds bad. But many things I say are crude. It sounds bad. But we can't make our country great again unless we make our country rich again. We can't let everybody in the world rip us off.

...We just did a big interview with CNN just before this. And you know, Hillary  was Hillary missing today? What happened? She was two hours late. No, did you hear?
Now, I may be wrong. If I'm one minute off, they'll call me because they love Hillary. They love her. You know why. I don't know why. Why? I'm trying to figure it. No, I heard she was a couple of hours late. Everybody left. You know what happened? She was sleeping. I'm telling you. She couldn't get out of bed. She was sleeping. She was sleeping. Was right.
...

Remember, we built China. The money they took out of country, we rebuilt China. You go there, they have bridges all over the  they have bridges like the George Washington Bridge. Maybe I shouldn't mention that particular bridge. But like bigger like the George Washington Bridge. Only a few people got that one; that's okay.
But they have bridges going up. We have rebuilt China. They've taken our jobs. They've taken our base. They've taken our manufacturing all over the place. They've taken our money. They've taken our money. Not going to happen anymore folks. Not going to happen anymore. Not going to happen.
I know the great business people. We have the greatest business people in the world. Guys like Carl Icahn. He calls me, "Donald, I want to help. I want to help." The smartest people call. We're not going to use the special interest guy  a donor.
We use donors to negotiate with China because he gave some guy like, you know, whoever it might be. Because again, I'm the only one that's self-funding my campaign. Everybody else isn't.
These guys  when these guys give money to politicians to a large extent they own those politicians. They will do whatever the hell the special interests and the donors want.
That's not going to happen with me.
So, Social Security  we're saving it. Medicare  we're saving it. We're going to make our country rich. Okay? Thank you, sweetheart.

...Yeah, it's called the statute of limitations, right? And you know it's a six-year year statute. Maybe five but it's probably six. But it's a six-year statute. Yeah, you have to look at it.
Look, Hillary Clinton  you know this story. It's a crime. She committed a crime.
Now, perhaps  perhaps  somebody, you know, we have to have a fair Justice Department and perhaps...we'll have some really good Attorney General that's going to say "Well, you know".
Look, we want to be fair to everybody. Okay? Including Hillary Clinton. But she committed a crime in my opinion.
Now, she shouldn't be allowed to run. She's being protected absolutely. I have little doubt that they're going to find anything. But they've already found it.
I mean, you watch television. You have all these big scholars, these lawyers, "Yes, she violated section so and so". Just one after another. I mean, actually violated many, many laws, not just like a little one here. Many laws.
You mentioned General Petraeus. His life was destroyed over 5% of what Hillary Clinton did. Over nothing.
So I think she's going to be their nominee definitely. The only question is whether or not she'll be allowed to run. She's being protected by the Democrats. She's being protected by the President. And that's why  why do you think she's going along with these insane policies of his? Okay? I mean, she goes along with everything.
I don't even  honestly in all fairness to her, I don't think she believes it. But I think she's afraid he's going to say, "Listen, I don't like her anymore. Go take care of her. I'm going to get somebody else." I'm telling you.
So, the question is statute of limitations. It's a five year statute of limitations. She's got a problem. She's got a problem. In one way, she's running for her life because I know one thing, if she wins that's the end of that. Right? But if she loses she could have a very serious problem.
...

...Well, I said right at the beginning. We're going to build a wall that's going to be a real wall. That's going to be a real wall.
It's not going to be  you see that ceiling? That ceiling is nothing compared to the wall. And we can build it and we can build it right. And it will be strong and powerful and as beautiful as a wall is going to look. It's got to be beautiful because someday they're going to name it the Trump Wall. I know that. It's going to happen. Going to happen.
And it's going to work. And walls do work.
You know, they wanted to build a wall here 20 years ago. You know they couldn't get environmental impact statements. That's just shows you.
China is building in the South China Sea massive military bases. Right? Why? They're not supposed to. They have no respect for Obama or our country. They're not supposed to be doing that. And you could get them to stop just by saying "We're not doing business with you anymore." Their whole economy would  you don't have to go to war. It's economics. The whole country would collapse in two seconds. Believe me. We have such power and we don't know it.
But they're building massive  now, they had little islands. They put the biggest escavators, not Caterpillars. I think they're using Komatsu from Japan...They have these massive escavators, and I said to a friend of mine who's Chinese from China  very rich guy, very successful guy, paid me a fortune for an apartment so I happen to like him, okay?  I said jokingly "How long did it take them to do these massive islands they're building right out of the sea? Boom, those shovels go in, take out everything. How long did it take you to get the environmental impact statements?" He laughed. He said, "What are you kidding me? Nothing." They say "We will build there." About two seconds later, you have escavators digging.
So we had a problem with environmental  look, I've won many environmental awards. I'm a big believer especially in clean air and clean water. I'm a big believer. Just so you know. Big. And I've gotten so many awards for the environment. So I understand the environment; I've won many, many awards.
But when you look at how we're impinged and hurt. But the wall was stopped because they couldn't get an environmental impact statement among other things. They couldn't get an environmental impact statement.
Now, there was probably a snail or a turtle or a snake or something. You were ruining the habitat of a rattlesnake. I don't know. But they actually had people  a lot of people  people that now would be against it but they wanted to build a wall and years ago they couldn't get it done.
...You know, I said bomb the oil, right? I've been saying that for three years. Now finally they started  after Paris they started bombing the oil. I've been saying it for years.
You know one of the reasons we didn't bomb the oil? Obama didn't want to hurt the environment. Now, I heard that and I thought somebody was kidding. I thought a comedian was saying it. It turned out to be true. He didn't want the flames and everything going into the atmosphere. This is the way we fight today.
I'm telling you, folks, we're being led by stupid people. We're being led by stupid people.
I've been saying not really bomb  I've been saying take the oil. I didn't want to go into Iraq. But once we were there, I said "Look, we shouldn't have been there. But then when we left, we left the wrong way."
First of all, we have a president who told them a date. "We're going to leave on such and such a date." What was it like 18 months later? So the enemy all of sudden said, "Wow", cause don't believe it. They don't want to be killed. Okay? They don't want to be killed. So the enemy said "They're going to leave on a certain date?" So they pulled back, the date comes, and now you see what happened. It's a disaster and Iran is taking over Iraq.
So anyway, I couldn't believe it when they said that. When we said to our 50 soldiers two weeks ago and our president gets up and announces "We are sending 50 soldiers."
Okay, first of all, he thinks it's a good press announcement. It's not. 50 soldiers  that's not a lot even though they're the elite. But those 50 soldiers because of that announcement have a target on their heart. They have a target on their heart.
Why does he have to say that for? Why can't he let 50 soldiers go there quietly, stealth, stealth? Why can't he just do that? Why can't he do that?
Those 50 soldiers are in grave danger today because of that, and they probably don't even know that but everybody is looking for them and that's the way it is.
We have people that don't know what they're doing.
We used to have General MacArthur  Douglas MacArthur  General George Patton. I mean, these were real people. These were real people.
Today, we have generals that go on talk shows...I saw a general the other day on a talk show. He said  and this was serious and he's a good man. They're good men. But you've got to lead these men. Even the generals have to have some power over them. He said, "We are in the worst shape in terms of preparedness that we've been in in decades." And this is the time when we have to be in the best shape because the world wants to kill us.
And he said we are in the worst shape we've been in many, many decades.
Now, number one, he shouldn't be saying that because you're telling the enemy that and the enemy feels embolden when they hear that. Right? We shouldn't be saying it. We shouldn't be saying it.
I mean, even if it's true, you don't say it. You get it fixed and you do the opposite.
One thing I'm going to do I'll tell you, I'm going to build our military so big and so strong and so powerful  so powerful that nobody is going to mess with us. Nobody is going to mess with us.
You know in many ways, it's the cheapest thing you can do. Everyone is toying with us right now. It's the cheapest thing you can do. The absolute cheapest thing you can do.

...I'm a big Second Amendment person by the way.
...My sons are really great marksmen. They're big believers. And I'm a member of the NRA but I'm not such a good shot. But they're great shots so it's one of those things.
But if you think about that question. So you know there's tremendous pressure to get rid of the guns, get rid of the magazines, no bullets. How about the one where they have three bullets in every magazine? ...So the people will put three bullets in. I don't think the bad guys are going to say, "Well, I don't want to break the law. I'm going to go kill people today but I'm going to put three bullets in." Right?
These people  and you know I have arguments with them all the time and I'm a practical guy. Honestly, if I didn't believe this, I couldn't say it.
So in France or in California, I have a permission to carry, which is a big thing in New York. It's very hard to get. I have a license to carry.
But in France or in California or in all these places where we see the shooters, right, if instead of having like in France hundreds of people in that room  Paris has the toughest gun laws in the world. France has the toughest gun laws in the world. Nobody has guns. Except the bad guys.
So they walk in with the worst, the toughest, the best weaponry you could have and they said, "Over here  boom. Over here  boom." So they killed 128 but many more are dying right now. They're in terrible shape in the hospitals. They just wipe the place out and they could've stayed there for longer. They wiped it out.
Then you had those two sleaze bags from California. The married couple. I saw the press  "The young married couple that did the shooting". They're not a young married couple. They're the worst. They're sleaze.
...They say "The young married couple". That's no young married couple.
So they walk into a place and they killed 14 people and others are going to be dying probably because of a lot of other wounded people.
But if somebody had guns in there  nobody had a gun...How would you have done if you had a gun? Would you have been firing back a little bit? They'd been in trouble. Right? They would have been in trouble. Believe me. That guy.
So, you know, I went to like an Ivy League college and I have a lot of friends that are against guns and I argue with them. I talk to them. I said, "Okay, we're in Paris. You have all these places and there's hundreds of people. Guys walk in with guns and you have no gun. Don't you think they would've been better if they had?" They can't  they lose the argument but they never change their mind.
So we have to fight for the Second Amendment. It's so simple. It's so simple.
And believe me, believe me, they want to take those guns away and you always know that the bad ones are going to have the guns and they're going to have them more so than ever before. So we're going to protect the Second Amendment if I'm president. That I can tell you.
And by the way, we're going to be saying Merry Christmas again. Do you ever notice?
...And by the way, Merry Christmas everybody. Merry Christmas. And happy holiday.
Frankly, I have a lot of friends that aren't Christian. They like Christmas. Everybody likes Christmas. It's politically incorrect to say Merry Christmas. But when I'm president, Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, enjoy yourselves, don't eat too much turkey. Right?
Okay, so we're going to say Merry Christmas again folks. We're going to bring that spirit back.

...I really do. I like Ted Cruz a lot. And he's doing well. I'm doing well. I mean, it's not a contest between the two of us, just so we understand. We have to make that  but I do like him.
And I would say that we would certainly have things in mind for Ted, to be honest with you.
I mean, he's somebody that I can certainly see that because I like him, he likes me. He actually put out a tweet tonight. He said "Donald Trump is"  I think he used the word  "terrific". That's a nice word. I mean, whoever hears that?
I can tell you other candidates are not exactly saying that about me. Right?
...

...So the Super PACs are horrible and I had many set up for me by people I didn't know. I mean, I'd see them on television talking about  somebody named one "The Art of the Deal PAC". Two young guys. They look good. I mean, I don't know.
But then I got to be, you know, started going around and I see the corruption with these Super PACs, with the stuff towards money. People that put the money in are dealing with the candidates. The whole thing is wrong.
And I see it. I mean, Bush has $125 million. Think of it. $125 million. By the way, if he had $2 billion it wouldn't make any difference. Okay?
But Bush has $125 million. And honestly, he's a nice person. He is. I don't want to do that but he's a very nice person. But it's $125 million. And you'd say to yourself, "People give $2 million, $5 million, $7 million. You know what's happening."
But some of the Super PACs are running campaigns. They're actually running the campaign.
Another thing and it's sort of interesting, one of the Super PACs I believe has $6 million. Of the $6 million  this was reported on the front page of the Los Angeles Times  one of the candidates who's a nice person so I'm not going to mention the name. You know, when I like people I like them. I'm a very loyal person.
Of the $6 million after all of the bloodsuckers took their cuts, the fundraisers  can you believe this?  they had $140,000 left for the campaign. That's better than being a real estate broker. I'd rather do that than sell houses. $140,000 left. That was in the newspaper. I don't know. I think I believe it.
But I've seen it. I saw it with the Romney campaign. Guys made tens of millions of dollars raising money for Romney. I said what the hell is this? I mean, you give money and they get a cut.
Look, our laws are so corrupt. Our campaign finance laws are so totally corrupt. It's so horrible. So horrible.
And I don't necessarily want to stop people from giving because I think that's a good thing but you have to get away from these PACs.
What you have to have is people have to know who it is. So you have to open up the process. Let people know. If somebody wants to give $1 million, you give $1 million but everybody has to know that so and so gave $1 million because that puts a little pressure on guys like Brad who raises hundreds of millions. Puts a little pressure.
But the concept of the PAC is no good. It's no good. It's a very dangerous, terrible thing. So we will change our laws because you really have no choice. It's so out of control. It's so terrible.
But the papers that are in this room tonight, they should look at this. There's so little money left over for the candidates, it's one of the reasons why I'm so happy I'm doing my own.
We actually sent legal letters to either nine or 11 PACs. The Trump PAC, the Trump PAC, the this PAC. First of all, I'm sure that out of some of them they stole the money. Some guy has no money. He sets up a Trump something PAC. Nothing to do with me. Sets it up. All of a sudden he's got $2 million sitting there. Right? People send in money. And that guy has no money. How much of that money do you think he's going to use to do what he's supposed to be doing? That's common sense. So maybe all of it but I doubt it.
So we sent legal notices to every one that we could find. We don't want their money. We said "Don't do it. We don't want it. And we want ideally to give the money back to the people that gave it to you."
But the Super PAC concept is corrupt. It's terrible and it should be ended. And we're going to go to new campaign finance laws that are going to be terrific. Okay? Thank you.

...Well, look he's [referring to Cruz] from Texas. To the best of my knowledge, there's a lot of oil in Texas. Right? So you know, he gets a lot of money from the oil companies and he's totally against ethanol and everything else you're talking about.
And I'm not. I'm totally in favor.
And you know, it's a big industry here. It's a big industry.
You know, if that industry is upset, Iowa's got problems.
I was amazed. I was here three weeks ago with the group...They were such amazing people...And I learned so much about it. I was in favor of it even before...
...Beyond even the fuel capacities, which we want to create as much as we can, tremendous numbers of jobs in Iowa. And I said to myself, if Ted Cruz is against ethanol, how does he win in Iowa? Because that's very anti-Iowa. I don't know how he wins in Iowa. I don't know.
No, but I'm totally for it. Okay? Thank you.

...I was a member of the establishment six months ago. I gave $350,000 to the RGA. That's the Republican Governors Association. I gave tremendous amounts of money away. I was like the fair haired boy.
Once I said I'm running, they said "What? You're not supposed to run."
And then what happened  I ran against all these Senators and Governors. And everyone said "Well, I don't know." My wife said "If you run, you're going to win" because she understands that I like people  I love people and people love me. And she said "You will run but you actually have to go and run. You have to announce you're running because nobody's going to believe you're running."
And so I didn't want to announce because I didn't want to like announce and things didn't work out and I'm like some of these guys where they're zero. Many of them zero.
And so finally I said, "Look, let's  we're going to do it. We have to do it."
Just too many things that I watch on television with our president and the decisions that are made  Bergdahl  where we get Bergdahl and they get five killers. We get this horrible, dirty rotten spy  horrible traitor. We get this horrible, terrible traitor and they get five killers that they've wanted for nine years  the worst killers  and they're all back on the battlefield.
You know, so many decisions. The Iran deal. The Iran deal. How bad is that? They self-inspect. "Okay, good. We're not building. We promise we're not building nuclear weapons." "Oh, okay. That's okay."
And we give them $150 billion and we don't even get our prisoners back. The whole thing is crazy. So I saw this. And I said to my wife, "Hey, I don't know if I'll do well or not. Who the hell knows?"
And it's a risky thing. And I've always heard if you're a very successful person you can't run for office, especially for president, and I see it all the time. And the people go after me. I don't even care at this point. I said, "I have to do it. Now, we're going to have to do it."
And I look at it last time with Romney and I didn't do it and I probably should have because he let us down. I mean, look, he let us down.
That was an election  we had a failed president. Four years ago he was a failed president, just as bad as he is now. It's true. And Romney let us down. That last month  it was like he wasn't even campaigning.
I said, "Why aren't you on Jay Leno? Why aren't you on David Letterman? Why aren't you doing it?" And he just didn't do it. So he lost the election.
So I backed McCain, he lost. I backed Romney, he lost. This time I said I'm doing it myself, okay? We're going to win. We're going to win.
But there is an establishment out there. It's a real establishment. Real people. And they're people that are used to having their little puppets all over the place. And they're people that are used to giving donations and having control.
And they're people that, you know, look when they call me I'll treat them with respect but I'm not going to be doing bad things if it's bad for the country. I'm not going to let Ford build a plant in Mexico if I can keep it in Michigan.
And I'm not going to let the car companies and Nabisco and all these people and all these companies  I'm all for free trade. I think it's great. I'm for it. But it's got to be smart trade. I'm not going to let them move to Mexico and then sell stuff over the border with no tax, no nothing so we lose our jobs, we lose our factories, they go over here, they make it, we let them come through. How does that help us, folks? I went to the best business school in the world. Believe me, it doesn't help us. Okay? Trust me.
And we're not going to make deals like that anymore. We can't. We owe $19 trillion. We can't.
So the establishment is not ever probably  look, you know what? In the end, if this country starts humming even the establishment they'll be saying "Okay, it's a good thing" because they'll be beneficiaries also.
But we do have a real establishment and they've never seen this happen before.
A writer called up and he said recently  I told this story. I mean, one of the top journalists to my way of thinking certainly in the country and beyond. And he said, "Mr. Trump, how does it feel?" I said, "How does what feel?" "How does it feel? What you've done has never, ever been done before?" I said, "What have I done?" "You've dominated the Summer of Trump." Now they call it the Autumn of Trump.
Hopefully, they're going to call it the Spring of Trump and I want the next Autumn of Trump.
But I said to the writer, "I don't know what you're talking about. I haven't done anything cause frankly if I don't win I consider this to be a total waste of time." I'll be honest with you. As much as I like being with you tonight. Because we won't be able to do anything.
He said, "No, no. You've won even if you don't win. You've won already." I said, "No, you're wrong. If I don't win, I have wasted my time."
So you know, the point is that the establishment can't believe it because they've never seen it happen before.
...I was on the cover of Time Magazine four or five weeks ago and Time Magazine was going to pick the Person of the Year. Everybody  even my enemies  said "Trump is going to win." I said, "I won't win." They said, "Why?" "I won't win. Just like I should have gotten the Emmy for The Apprentice for the first three years. I was nominated. I should have." And I said, "I'll never win." I told everybody I'll never win because I'm not Hollywood establishment.
And with Time Magazine, I said  Bill O'Reilly, who's a great guy, did an editorial at the end of his show two days ago saying nobody has done more than Trump, he should have won.
Now, I'm not saying I should have  yeah, I probably should have in all fairness  but he said "Nobody's done more"  you know, taking over  what we've done has been amazing  all of us together not just me. It's all of us. It's all of us. From Dallas and Mobile and Oklahoma. All of us. Because the spirit.
...Well, Merkel got it. Now, Merkel, what did she do? She's destroyed  I mean, she's in the process of destroying Germany with the migration.
We have to help the people with the migration. We have to create a safe zone some place in Syria. But I don't want them coming into this country. I don't want them because we don't know who they are. We don't know who they are. Them with their printing press that now do the forged passports. Okay? You heard about that. So we don't know.
The bottom line on that  it's such an interesting question. You'll know in about a month or two whether or not the establishment has treated me fairly.
But the only thing I can say is this: If I win Iowa, I think it's over. I said before. Because I think if I win Iowa, New Hampshire is amazing. People are amazing. You would love the people. They would love you. You'd love everybody. The whole country is in love...I call it the noisy majority. It's no longer a silent majority. It's the noisy majority.
But if we win like I think we're going to win because we have such a big league, honestly, it's not going to matter. They can't do anything. I don't care about the establishment. They can't do anything.
You know, the only way they can do is if I'm a little bit short, if I'm two votes short I have a problem because I'll have to go into that convention, I'm dealing with all these blood sucker politicians and they'll make their deals and they'll have all their money guys around and they'll be in the backroom making deals.
But if I get the number of delegates, there's not a thing they can do. And I'll end up doing fine with the establishment...

...I'm such a believer in education.
You know, I had an uncle who was a professor at MIT who was a brilliant guy...In fact, I just retweeted an article about him today. You've got to read it. Okay? @RealDonaldTrump. You have to read it.
When I see somebody like Jeb  no I'll tell you one thing I respect. He didn't change his views. He knew he was getting killed on this issue and he didn't change. And I respect that to a certain extent. But it's so wrong.
Common Core is a total disaster. We have people  bureaucrats in Washington  telling you how your child should be educated in Iowa and New Hampshire and all of the different places that we go to. It's ridiculous.
And I go around and I've seen the principals. I've seen so many students and teachers and professors and principals, and I've seen some of the people and the love  even in Iowa at a school  I've seen some of the love these parents give to those schools. This is real love. These are smart people. And these are people that aren't working for a paycheck. These are incredible people...
Remember this: Our educational system is a mess. We spend more money per pupil as a government than any other country in the world and we're in 28th place. And I mean like double what anybody else pays.
So I want to bring education back to the local areas. You're going to have parents and you're going to have unbelievably talented people and they love their kids and they want their kids to be well-educated because it's so important. And you're going to be very happy with it. Okay? Thank you. Thank you.

...You people do it. We're backing you 100%...We are backing you 100%. You're doing a phenomenal job. There should be more people like you in this country.
You know, the whole grid is a disaster. Right? The whole country. The infrastructure of our country is falling apart.
And nobody can build like me. It's what I do. I build. I build.
I'm building on  as you know  Pennsylvania Avenue a big tremendous hotel that I got from the government of the United States. Can you believe it? During the Obama administration a couple of years ago.
But we had the best plan. The GSA is terrific. They're very good. Actually, they're very talented people.
We're under-budget and ahead of schedule. That's what we do.
When you see these things where they're building a bridge and it's going to cost, you know, $1 billion and it costs $12 billion. How about when they build a hospital and it costs $3 billion?
And I look at it  I'm very good  I can look at a building and tell you how much it's going to cost.
I say "$250 million." "No, sir, $3 billion." $3 billion? Think somebody got rich on that one?
So we're going to stop all this stuff. We're going to make our country so strong and so wonderful. And we all love it anyways. We love it.
But it's so sad to see what's happening. It's so sad. And we're going to change it around.

...We have such a problem. And the biggest problem I have, you know, it relates to education and the hardest thing you get is when you go around and you'd see students and so many students come out to hear us and they always want to talk about the loans  they have student loans  and they're going through nice colleges, they're good students, they work hard, they could be really top in their class and they get out and they say, "Mr. Trump, we have no jobs. We can't get jobs."
So they're borrowed up to the hilt and they can't get jobs.
We're going to bring our jobs back from China. We're going to bring our jobs back from all these places overseas that have stolen our jobs.
We're going to bring our jobs back from South America. We're bringing them back from Mexico. We're going to have jobs again. Believe me. We're going to be manufacturers again.
We're going to start making Apple computers in this country. What the hell good does it do to make them in China? I want to make them in this country and we have the ability to do it.
So, we're going to bring our jobs back. Okay?

Wow! Thank you very much.
Hello.
I'd like to begin by thanking the people of Montana, South Dakota, New Mexico, New Jersey, and California. We had some big, big days and we have some big numbers coming in. Very big numbers.
I'm truly honored by your support.
Together, we accomplished what nobody thought was absolutely possible and you know what that is. We're only getting started and it's going to be beautiful. Remember that.
Tonight, we close one chapter in history and we begin another. Our campaign received more primary votes than any GOP campaign in history. No matter who it is, no matter who they are, we received more votes.
This is a great feeling. That's a great feeling.
This is not a testament to me but a testament to all of the people who believed real change, not Obama change, but real change is possible.
You've given me the honor to lead the Republican Party to victory this fall.
We're going to do it. We're going to do it, folks. We're going to do it.
I understand the responsibility of carrying the mantle and I will never, ever let you down. Too much work, too many people, blood, sweat, and tears. I'm never going to let you down.
I will make you proud of your party and our movement, and that's what it is  it's a movement.
Now, recent polls have shown that I'm beating Hillary Clinton and with all of her many problems and the tremendous mistakes that she's made and she has made tremendous mistakes, we expect our lead to continue to grow and grow substantially.
To everyone who voted for me throughout this campaign, I want to thank you. I want to thank you very, very much.
To those who voted for someone else in either party, I will work hard to earn your support and I will work very hard to earn that support.
To all of those Bernie Sanders voters who have been left out in the cold by a rigged system of super delegates, we welcome you with open arms.

And by the way, the terrible trade deals that Bernie was so vehemently against  and he's right on that  will be taken care of far better than anyone ever thought possible. And that's what I do.
We are going to have fantastic trade deals. We're going to start making money and bringing in jobs.
Now, I know some people say I'm too much of a fighter. My preference is always peace, however. And I've shown that. I've shown that for a long time.
I've built an extraordinary business on relationships and deals that benefit all parties involved  always.
My goal is always again to bring people together. But I'm forced to fight for something I really care about, I will never, ever back down and our country will never, ever back down.
I've fought for my family. I've fought for my business. I've fought for my employees. And now I'm going to fight for you  the American people  like nobody has ever fought before.
And I'm not a politician fighting. I'm me. You're going to see some real good things happen.
Just remember this: I'm going to be your champion. I'm going to be America's champion.
Because, you see, this election isn't about Republican or Democrat. It's about who runs this country  the special interests or the people  and I mean the American people.
Every election year politicians promised change. Obama promised change and it didn't work out too well. And every year, they failed to deliver.
Why would politicians want to change a system that's totally rigged in order to keep them in power? That's what they're doing, folks.
Why would politicians want to change a system that's made them and their friends very, very wealthy?
I beat a rigged system by winning with overwhelming support  the only way you could have done it  landslides all over the country with every demographic, on track to win 37 primary/caucus victories in a field that began with 17 very talented people.

After years of disappointment, there's one thing we all have learned  we can't fix the rigged system by relying on very  and I mean this so, so strongly  on the very people who rigged it. And they rigged it and do not ever think anything differently.
We can't solve our problems by counting on the politicians who created our problems.
The Clintons have turned the politics of personal enrichment into an art form for themselves.
They've made hundreds of millions of dollars selling access, selling favors, selling government contracts, and I mean hundreds of millions of dollars.
Secretary Clinton even did all of the work on a totally illegal private server. Something that how she's getting away with this folks nobody understands. Designed to keep her corrupt dealings out of the public record, putting the security of the entire country at risk, and a president in a corrupt system is totally protecting her. Not right.
I am going to give a major speech on probably Monday of next week, and we're going to be discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons. I think you're going to find it very informative and very, very interesting.
I wonder if the press would want to attend. Who knows?
Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into a private hedge fund. The Russians, the Saudis, the Chinese all gave money to Bill and Hillary and got favorable treatment in return.
It's a sad day in America when foreign governments with deep pockets have more influence in our own country than our great citizens.
I didn't need to do this. It's not easy. Believe me. I didn't need to do it. But I felt I had to give back to our wonderful country, which has been so good to me and to my family.

I've traveled to many of our states and seen the suffering in people's lives.
I've visited communities in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Indiana, and Ohio whose manufacturing jobs  they literally these jobs have virtually disappeared. An embarrassment to our country and it's horrible.
I've embraced the victims of illegal immigration  moms and dads who have had to bury their own children because of people that shouldn't have been in the country. Remember it, folks. Remember it.
I've visited the crumbling cities and the struggling schools.
I've seen our dilapidated airports, highways, bridges, and I've compared them to other countries where we see facilities so far superior to ours. It's really not to be believed. Hard to imagine what's happened to our country.
America is getting taken apart piece by piece, auctioned off, and just rapidly auctioned off to the highest bidder.
We're broke. We're broke. We owe $19 trillion. Going quickly to $21 trillion.
Our infrastructure is a disaster. Our schools are failing. Crime is rising. People are scared.
The last thing we need is Hillary Clinton in the White House or an extension of the Obama disaster.
What a crowd. What a crowd. Thank you all very much. We love our country. We love our country.
But we can turn this all around. We're going to do it by putting America first.
That commitment is the foundation for change that's been missing and it's been missing for a long time.

It's important to understand what America First means.
It means on foreign policy, we will never enter into any conflict unless it makes us safer as a nation. It has to make us safer as a nation.
This is the opposite of Hillary's foreign policy, which invaded Libya, destabilized Iraq, unleashed ISIS and threw Syria into chaos and created the mass migration, which is wrecking havoc all over the world and while putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons and making them a dominant power in the Middle East. And they are dominant and we have made them that way, folks, we have made them that way.
Better hope I'm president.
On trade, America First means the American worker will have his or her job protected from unfair foreign competition  what's happening here is absolutely a disgrace.
No PPP [sic]. You're right about that. So and you mean no PP.
We are going  and remember this  we are only going to have great trade deals. Okay? We are only going to have that.
We're not going to approve as somebody just said the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which is a disaster  a disaster  for our country. Almost as bad as NAFTA signed by Bill Clinton, which has just stripped our country of our factories and our manufacturing and moved them to other places and in particular Mexico.
If it's not a great deal for our country, we will not sign it. It's got to be great for our country, for our community, for everybody in here because believe me we are all suffering and we're suffering big league and it's getting worse.
On energy policy, America First means opening up America's great potential to bring wealth and prosperity to our own workers, including our wonderful and hardworking miners who have been absolutely totally mistreated by this administration.
On economic policy, America First means having tax and regulatory policies that keep jobs and wealth in the United States, substantially lowering taxes for middle class Americans and businesses. Likewise, regulation which is strangling our economy which would be brought down from its present insane level, we will make it very, very good for our companies, for our small businesses, and for people that want to survive and do well in our country.
On immigration policy, America First means protecting the jobs, wages, and security of American workers. Whether first or tenth generation, no matter who you are, we're going to protect your job because let me tell you, our jobs are being stripped from our country like we're babies.

The beauty of America First is that it brings us all together. Every American worker of every background is entitled to the same benefits, protections and rights and privileges. It's got to be that way.
Now, the people in charge say things can't change. I'm here today to tell you that we have to change. We have no choice. We have to change.
We're going to put America back to work. We're going to make our own products. We're going to put America back to work.
We're going to rebuild our inner cities, which are absolutely a shame and so sad, going to take care of our African-American people that have been mistreated for so long.
We're going to make you and your families safe, secure, and prosperous. Prosperous again.
Together, we will put the American people first again. First again.
We will make our communities wealthy. We will make our cities safe again. We will make our country strong again.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will make America great again! Remember. Thank you!
Thank you! Thank you very much everybody!

Thank you, everybody. Thank you very much. This has been a great period of time. It's been really amazing.
We've gotten the nomination. We're going to have an incredible period in Cleveland. We look forward to it.
We've started working already on the convention.
And LeBron, good luck in the series because we're going to have the series, which of course the longer it goes the less time we have but that's okay. And it's going to be very interesting to see what happens.
But as you know, they're playing the basketball championships partially in that arena so I think it will be very exciting. It'll add to the excitement in Cleveland and that's good. That's what we want because it's going to be an exciting period of time.
We have  we've done some awfully good work. I was just informed...that we've got more votes than anybody in the history of the Republican primaries and we still have I guess six or seven locations to go, states to go.
And in the history, think of it, in the history of this great party, we've gotten substantially more votes than anybody else by millions  by many millions more  than anybody who's ever run.
So that's a great. You know, when you think Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan and everybody, we have the most votes by far. So that's something to me that's very exciting.
And overall, it's just been a very exciting process. I think we're going to do very well.
We have no idea what's going to happen on the Democrat's side but they're certainly having difficulty. I don't like to see people having difficulty. But if anybody has to have it, let it be them.
And I think it's going to be very interesting.
I'm very proud to say that we've gotten the most votes and also if you look at the overall primary the amount of votes cast, that's also a record. So we've broken a lot of records in terms of the voters.
Our polling has come out and the polls are doing very well as you know. We're pretty much even and in some cases ahead of Hillary. And I think we're going to have a very, very successful number of months. And I think it will all culminate in November and we're going to make America great. Okay?
So that's the way it is...

I'm glad you asked the question because I have to tell you I have raised a tremendous amount of money for the vets  almost $6 million. And more money is going to come in I believe over the next little while too.
But I've raised almost $6 million. All of the money has been paid out and I'm going to give it to you in just a second.
In fact, I brought a list just in case that question was asked.
But the money has been paid out.
I have been thanked by so many veterans' groups throughout the United States.
One gentleman called me up recently crying that out of a blue he got a check for $100,000. I have been thanked by so many groups  great veterans' groups.
And by the way, outside you have a few people picketing. They're sent there by Hillary Clinton and they're picketing that the money wasn't sent. The money has all been sent.
I wanted to keep it private. If we could, I wanted to keep it private because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets.
But I have to say this. I raised close to $6 million. It'll probably be over that amount when it's all said and done. But as of this moment, it's $5.6 million.
When this started, it started with a speech in Iowa when I said let's raise some money for the vets and it went up from $1 million to $2 million to $3 million. And it now ends up to be almost $6 million and again I think we can even do better than that.

But I will say that the press should be ashamed of themselves.
And behalf of the vets, the press should be ashamed of themselves. They are calling me. They are furious because I sent people checks of a lot of money.
We're going to give you the names right now, which is what you want.
And instead of being like "Thank you very much, Mr. Trump" or "Trump did a good job", everyone said, "Who got it? Who got it? Who got it?" And you make me look very bad.
I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good job.
So I will give the names because that's what you want. Right?
Okay. Are you ready?
I brought them here. It takes  because you have to vet each company. You know, much of this money was paid out fairly early.
But you have to vet all of these different groups because these are many different groups. You have to go through a process. When you send checks for hundreds of thousands of dollars to people and to companies and to groups that you've never heard of  charitable organizations. You have to vet it. You send people out. You do a lot of work.
Now, most of the money went out quite a while ago. Some of it went out more recently. But all of this has gone out and I'll give you the names.
Are you ready? Do you have your pad?
And again, I really think the press  look, the media, you know my opinion of the media. It's very low. I think the media is frankly made up of people that, in many cases, not in all cases, are not good people. But I think this is an example.
And I just on behalf of all of the folks that have worked hard on this and all of the people that have made contributions, including myself; I gave $1 million, but I just want to tell you that there are so many people that are so thankful for what we did.
One other thing that's important to know. Zero dollars have been taken out for administration.
You know, when you go to a lot of these different groups, in this case, zero dollars have been taken out for administration. So a lot of these companies that make a lot of money doing the administration stuff. So no money  it costs zero dollars to accumulate all of this money. Okay?
So you have 22 Kill and that's $200,000.
And you can call these people. That was another thing. A lot of the money when it was sent out, different people would call. I could tell you, I'm not going to mention anybody specifically, but there were a couple of people that were really disgusting. They'd call and these vet groups they don't get a lot of calls from the press. And maybe some of them would keep quiet or they didn't know or they didn't want to talk to the press or they didn't feel comfortable.
So if they didn't say they got the money, which they all did, 100% got the money. All certified checks. If anyone wants to see the certified checks.
But rather than say why don't you  could I see a certified check? They said "Well, they didn't say they got the money." They all got the money.
But they're not people that always talk to the press. Many of them do talk to the press. Many of them have  I guess you found $2 million or $2.5 million where they talked.
Well, the number is $5.6 million and it's going to possibly go above that because I believe some other people are coming in.
Ready?
22Kill got $200,000.
Now, these are checks that have been delivered, that have been cashed, that are now being used to help the vets.
Achilles International  great organization  $200,000. Much of this money was paid a long time ago.
American Hero Adventures  $100,000.
Americans for Equal Living  $100,000.
America's Vetdogs  The Veterans' K-9 Corps Inc.  $75,000.
AMVETS  $75,000.

Just so you understand. When I didn't do the Fox debate...because I didn't think they treated me right but actually they've been extremely fair over the last three or four months, I have to say that about Fox. But when I didn't do that one event, the debate, I gave a speech. I didn't have to do this with the money for the vets but I decided to because I thought it would be a good idea.
And I had some very generous people  Carl Icahn gave $500,000. Phil Ruffin gave $1 million...Ike Perlmutter gave $1 million. We raised a lot of money. And I didn't have to do that. It would have been easier just to give the speech.
And the problem with the press what they do is they convince people like me not to do it, not to give money to different things because it's a lot easier actually that way.

And I believe we're going to have some more coming in. Some friends of mine, some more coming in. And that adds up to $5,600,000 total and we're going to have some more coming in.
Now, every one of those checks have been passed other than the one check which is being held subject to they're getting a final approval from the government. But every one of those has been passed.
This is my check for $1 million.
We have many letters from the different groups thanking us very much for the money and they didn't ask  I didn't ask people to be here today. I could have asked every one of the group unlike Hillary who asks people to stand outside and say "Donald Trump didn't give the money."
Nobody gave this kind of money.
So I gave $5,600,000. More is coming in. Probably tops the $6 million number.
I never thought we were going to raise $1 million when we started. And we end up doing almost $6 million.
I have to tell you the press is so dishonest and so unfair.
A lot of the people behind me and some of the people over here helped in vetting the various requests for money. And I just want to thank all of those people.

I wasn't too involved in picking the organizations other than to the Marine Law Enforcement. They are fabulous people. They honored me last year at the Waldorf Astoria. I knew them.
I was going to give it to three companies or three groups and we couldn't vet them quickly. And so I gave it to the Marine.
And if you look at number, the Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation is a fabulous group and I didn't have to go through a big vetting process with them. Because I was going to split the $1 million check up amongst...and in the end I just didn't want to go through the process of having to vet all those different groups.

Because I wanted to make this out of the goodness of my heart. I didn't want to do this where the press is all involved and all of a sudden everybody is going "Where did it go? Who did it go to?" Then we said who it went to, then we said how much was it.
...Look, when this started...I said if we could raise $1 million that would be good. And we ended up raising almost $6 million. And I'm going to have more coming in over a period of time.

I'm totally accountable but I didn't want to have credit for it.
Actually though what I got was worse than credit because they were questioning me. And this is money. And by the way, most of that money went out very early just so you understand. But a lot of these groups  getting vetted by, you know, when you pay the money out, they need government documentation. They need a lot of different things.

Plus, we want to find out who's in the good group.
I had people  teams of people  reviewing statistics, reviewing numbers and also talking to people in the military to find out whether or not the group was deserving of the money.
We have given to groups that are unbelievable groups. And honestly, I wish you could hear the phone calls and see the letters. They are so happy. And I'm happy to do it. I didn't want the credit for it but it was very unfair that the press treated us so badly.

Well, generally speaking, that's 100% true.

I like scrutiny. But you know what? When I raise money  excuse me, excuse me, I've watched you on television. You're a real beauty. When I raise money for the veterans and it's a massive amount of money  find out how much Hillary Clinton has given to the veterans  nothing.
And then I see a few guys standing out there. They don't even know what they're there for. They have no idea. They're there because Hillary Clinton's campaign sent them.
And actually I think it was you or one of you that found out that they actually were with Hillary Clinton's campaign, which was interesting but I wasn't surprised.
I don't want the credit for it but I shouldn't be lambasted.
And remember this: So out of the almost $6 million that was raised not one penny did I take for administration cost. That's unheard of.

How else am I going to raise the money? How else am I going to raise the money?

I would have given  just so you understand. Until I was criticized  so I'm the only one in the world that could raise almost $6 million for the veterans, have uniform applause by the veterans' groups, and end up being criticized by the press.
Yes, I made a speech and during the speech I said, "Let's raise a little money for the vets." It turned out to be a lot of money, not a little money. I thought if we could get to $1 million, it would be great, which it would have been.

That's right. I do raise millions.

No, I don't think so.

No, I raised almost $6 million. Some of it didn't come through. But more money is coming through than didn't come through. The number probably is going to be  when we finish it probably going to be over the $6 million.

I don't mind it coming from the opposition...What I do mind is when I raise all of these millions and when we started out nobody ever thought it was going to be over $5 million or close to $6 [million].

So, look, here's the story. Here's the story. I think and I've been dealing with the press a long time. I think the political press is among the most dishonest people I've ever met, I have to tell you that. Okay?
...But I think the political press...I think the political press  I see the stories and I see the way they're attached.
For instance, I went down this weekend to do Rolling Thunder. I was invited. I didn't have anything to do with it. We had a tremendous gathering of people  thousands  I don't know how many thousands  but many thousands of people. And I joked "Oh, I thought we were going to go from the Jefferson Memorial to the  " I was joking. They said "Donald Trump was disappointed". Everybody knew I was being sarcastic and joking. They said some of them. Said Donald Trump was very disappointed that it didn't go from Jefferson to Lincoln. You know, millions of people.
I was joking. I said "Oh, I'm used to watching it. We had  " I was joking. So they put it down as serious. They know I was joking.
I'll give you another example. We had a certain  same event  it was roped off where you could only get so many people there and there were a lot of people. I don't know  10,000, 15,000, maybe 25,000. I don't know there was a lot of people. Plus there were people breaking the seams all the way along.
Eugene Washington, a man I like actually, wrote an article said there were 5,000 people there. There were many times that. And you weren't allowed to have any more people.
And all of these people were with their motorcycles in parking lots all the way. They were waving to me as I'm going.

But wait a minute. The point is law enforcement  these people didn't allow you to have any more people.
...I had a tremendous crowd but it was the biggest crowd you could have had. It was all cordoned off. You weren't allowed to have any more. You weren't allowed to have any more people than that.
So instead of saying Trump made a speech in front of a packed crowd, they said "Trump was disappointed" because I didn't have millions of people going from Jefferson to Washington. I mean, give me a break.
...Honestly, it's dishonest reporting.

Well, the veterans believe me. Let me tell you, the veterans why they believe. And I have group that I gave...[invites a veteran to speak]
...I could have asked all these groups  he just showed up. I just saw him. But I could have asked all these groups to come here and they could have made  I didn't want to do that.
I'm not looking for credit. But what I don't want is when I raise millions of dollars have people say like this sleazy guy over here from ABC  he's a sleaze in my book. You're a sleaze because you know the facts and you know the facts well.
Veteran:
Thank you, Mr. Trump.
First of all for the record, I'm a state representative from New Hampshire, 10 years on the veterans affairs committee, 22 years in the Marine Corps, retired First Sergeant.
What I want to clarify here first of all, I would never ever in a million years put my name on a candidate that did not from his heart look me in the eye and tell me he's concerned about veterans. That's Donald Trump. I met him over a year ago.
I've been involved in many fundraisers. There are many scammers out there. He did the right thing by vetting these groups there.
If you look at some of the groups, they're given 20 cents, 40 cents on the dollar and they're spending the rest for you know their nice lavish trips. He gave 100%.
The liberal media is the only ones that have been calling the foundation. All right? I'm a former chairman. I've been dealing with this stuff for years as a veterans activist.
Stop using veterans as a political pawns. You've got a guy outside...go do a Google search on his Facebook. He's out there. His pictures with Clinton.
They are using veterans as political pawns. It must stop.
Donald Trump is doing this with a heart. You're all focused on the way he's raising money and you're not looking at the 22 veterans that are killing each other everyday. You're not concerned about the thousands of veterans that are on waitlists.
Look at his plans on his Trump website. He talks about medical cards. He talks about fixing the VA. He talks about competition.
I think the liberal media and I've been dealing with you a long time. You need to get your head out of your butt. Focus on the real issues.
Thank you.

What I did  I didn't ask Al. I've gotten to know Al a little bit primarily through New Hampshire where we had great victories. But he showed up this morning because he was upset.
And many of the other groups were upset. They received $100,000 in the mail. They didn't even know what it was for. It was from me. Other groups received $200,000, $250,000. They didn't know what it was for.
And again, upstairs I have received phones calls with people crying. I have received letters  heartfelt letters.
...The bad part about the dishonesty of the media is that people like me will be inclined not to do it anymore. Because why should you raise $5.6 million and I think I'll go over $6 million pretty easily. Nobody said that we started this out as a small little project where it was less than $1 million because it kept just mushrooming and building and building. But nobody talks about that.
So we raised $5.6 million. We have so many happy groups. So many happy veterans.
And then I see these Hillary Clinton people outside. Now, of course, they don't know the extent. They probably figured based on reading the press that Trump didn't make, you know, didn't raise this kind of money.
But we raised a lot and I'll be raising more and we'll be sending it to other people as we get along.

It's a complicated process.

No, it doesn't...You know, the government sort of approves different groups for a lot of reasons. So it really does  and more than anything else, it's also speaking to other veterans. We have a circle of veterans. I don't want to send a $250,000 check to a group that doesn't do good work. So it's called vetting. We vet the vets. But it's called vetting.

I think it's bothersome because I love the vets and I've worked hard for the vets. And as you can see, I've given a lot of money and raised a lot of money for the vets.
And I think when the press portrays it differently, the press is being very dishonest. So I don't like that. I don't like dishonesty.

Jeff Sessions is a fantastic man. Jeff Sessions is one of the most highly respected people in the United States Senate.
Jeff Sessions is a person that I believe that Ted Cruz has the most respect for and I think Ted thought that he would get an endorsement.
You know, Jeff Sessions has never endorsed a presidential candidate before as many years as he's been in the Senate.
So you know, Jeff Sessions is certainly somebody that I would consider. Absolutely. He's a fantastic person.

I think it was a very tough call. It was amazing because there were moments with the gorilla the way he held that child that almost like a mother holding a baby  looks so beautiful and calm. And there were moments where it looked pretty dangerous. I don't think they had a choice. I mean, probably they didn't have a choice.
You have a child, a young child, at stake. You know, it's too bad there wasn't another way.
I thought it was so beautiful to watch that powerful almost 500 pound gorilla and the way he dealt with that little boy. But it just takes one second. It's one second  it's not like it takes place over  well, he's going to do it 30 seconds from now. It just takes one little flick of his finger. And I will tell you they probably had no choice.
...

I'm entirely in favor of fixing the VA health care. VA is one of the great catastrophes in this country what's going on.
You look at what's happening in Phoenix and different places throughout the country where they're catching people stealing and they don't even fire them, where people are waiting five days, six days, seven days on line. They're dying while they wait on line.
And I am in favor of if they can't get to a doctor within a reasonable period of time, they're going to see a doctor and the country's going to pay for it. They're going to go to a private doctor or a public hospital and a public doctor but some place that can take them immediately. We're losing thousands of people waiting on line.
And the Veterans Administration is run by Obama just as incompetently as he's running our country.
You look at the TSA, you look at what's going on at the airports and you look at that. Okay? Just take a look at that. That's like the Veterans Administration.
Nothing in our country works anymore. It's a mess.
And maybe that's why I'm doing so well in the polls.

No, it doesn't have to be privatization. No, it doesn't have to be privatization. What it has to be is when somebody's on line and they say it's going to be a seven day wait, that person is going to walk over to across the street to a private doctor, be taken care of. We're going to pay the bill.
And by the way, that's going to be a lot less expensive. And we'll check it out and be careful. But that's going to be a lot less expensive than what's going on.
These people are living in hell.
And Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Administration is working just fine. And the head of it, [Bob] McDonald said last week that waiting in line is not bad  look at Disney World. Okay? These are the kind of people we have running things. It's ridiculous.

...That's their choice. You have a party called the Democrats and they're going to have to make that choice. I think it's probably going to be her because it's rigged.
And I think if you people will say I'm the one that came up with the term "rigged". I used it for myself, except that I won by such big margins that the whole system is rigged on both sides. With the Republicans it's less obvious. With Democrats with the whole super delegate thing, it's ridiculous.
So I think that they're going to have to make that determination.
If you're asking me who I prefer running against?

I think what she did was very bad and I think a lot of people have done a lot less than her and their lives have been destroyed.

The judge has been very unfair. Has not done a good job. He's been a very bad judge. Has been very unfair. And I will win the Trump University case. I already am as far as I'm concerned. But I will win the Trump University case.
Because I don't care...
I have a judge who's very, very unfair.
Well, you'll see it in court documents. But I have a judge who's very, very unfair. He knows he's unfair. And I'll win the Trump University case. I can settle that case. I could have settled it. I just choose not to.
In fact, when I ran this, they said why didn't you settle up that case? I don't want to settle the case.
Because you know what? Because I'm a man of principle. And most of the people that took those courses have letters saying they thought it was great essentially. It was good. It was great.
And you know what? When they're on the stand and you say "How come you signed the letter saying that Trump University was so good? How come you signed the letter?"
The woman that was the original plaintiff in the case  they went to the court and the judge allowed her to get out of the case. The case should have been dropped. The whole case should have been dropped.
They wanted her dismissed from the case. You know why? Because she was deposed, she was such a bad witness that we'd win the case easily. She signed a letter and she's on film. She's on tape like these cameras saying unbelievably good things about Trump University. So they didn't want her anymore because she's a disaster for them.
So they went to the judge and they said "Your honor, we'd like to have her not be a participant, not be a plaintiff in the case." And he said, "Oh, that's okay." She's the one that started the case.
Now, they don't even want her to testify. They don't want her to testify because she's a disaster. She has all sorts of beautiful statements about it. And importantly, she's on tape saying how great it is. They don't want her. I wouldn't want her either.
Now, I could have settled that case. I could settle that case. I can settle that case. I don't want to. I'll go through the process.

Because we're down the line. Because we're down the line and the fact that you can't win as independent. For the most part, you can't even get on Texas and various other states now. It's too late. But Texas is out.
...Here's what happens. What happens is you will not have  and very importantly  you will not have Supreme Court justices. You're going to lose. You could have as many as four or five. That's over.
Now, [Bill] Kristol's the one that's  but he's the last one. Don't forget, he said "Trump will never run." The guy's not a smart person. He said, "Donald Trump would never run." Remember?
You remember? I actually blame you. Why do you put this guy on television? I see him on the different shows. He's got no credibility. Said I won't run. If I run, I won't do well. If I do well, this and that. He looks like such a fool.
I saw him on one show. He's practically crying because he can't justify.
Now he comes out with a tweet over the weekend  over Memorial Day weekend  it sounds like he's going to put somebody up. Even I thought it. I thought, "Oh, they're going to find indie."
Now he comes out with something saying he was almost  almost  kidding. Okay?
Let me tell you, these people are losers. He's trying to make you  he's trying to drive you guys a little bit nuts.
If they do an indie, assuming it's decent, which I don't think anybody with a reputation would do it because they'd look like fools. But what you're going to do is you lose the election for the Republicans and therefore you lose the Supreme Court, therefore you will have a group of people put on the Supreme Court where this country will never ever recover. It will never, ever be the same.

No, I didn't say that. I said Bill Kristol is a loser and I'll tell you why...He has called every single move. Take a look  on me, he's going to lose this state  I won in a landslide...I didn't say everybody. Many. I didn't say everybody.
Wait, wait, wait. Bill Kristol is a loser. His magazine is failing, as you know. It's going to be down  I don't think it even survives. He's getting some free publicity.
But Bill Kristol  I've been watching this for two years. "Trump isn't going to run." Then I go into a race, we go into New Hampshire. "Oh, he's not going to win New Hampshire." I win in a landslide. Every place I went I was not going to win. But I win in a landslide. Do you think maybe he doesn't like me?

It's wrong. It's wrong. I didn't get 30%.

My last score was 78%. I didn't get 30%.

I don't know. No, no, no.
Here's the way I look at it.
When I have somebody that's not on my side, when you know  by the way, I've gotten great applause from the press in terms of as an achievement because the Republican Party is really well unified.
We have come up. People that you would have never thought possible are now saying, "I support Trump." So remember that. We don't talk about that too much.
But actually last week, the big story was how fast the Republican Party is healing because it is a healing process. It was a rough  that was a rough campaign...
I can this. The real is how fast we're getting together.
Now, if I have a Republican who's not on my side, I'm not going to be  why should I be particularly nice to that person? I'm not going to go after it like I would Hillary or Crazy Bernie. But you know what? Why should I be nice to that person if I have a person that's not going to support me? I have no obligation.
Politically, I may be right. I may be wrong. But that's who I am. I'm a very honest person...
If somebody is going to say a little bit negative or a lot negative about me and if they happen to be Republican, I may choose to hit them back. Not always. But I may choose to hit them back.

I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney lost an election he should have won.
And if you read the front page of the Wall Street Journal about Mitt Romney, he looks like a fool.
Look, I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney. Just so you understand. I raised a lot of money for Mitt Romney. I made robocalls for Mitt Romney. I made speeches for him. He let us down.
If you read the front page of the Wall Street Journal this weekend, Mitt Romney looks like a fool.
Now, what would I say good about Mitt Romney?

She was not nice and I was fine, just a little bit of a jab. But she wasn't nice. And you think I'm going to change? I'm not changing, including with her.

Bob Dole is a fan of mine. Bob Dole endorsed me. So don't tell me about Bob Dole.

Well, look, Gary Johnson, he got 1% of the vote last time. I watched that whole situation. It was pretty disgraceful. I think it's a total fringe deal. I think he's a fringe candidate if you want to know the truth. I look at him and I watch him and I watch his motions and I watch what he says. I think that he is a fringe candidate...when you do a little research on that I think it's not going to be a factor. Okay?

No, not all of you. Just many of you.

Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is. Let me tell you something. I'm a person  yeah, it's going to be like this...If the press writes false stories like they did with this  half of you were amazed that I raised all of this money. If the press writes false stories like they did where I wanted to keep a low profile. I didn't want the credit for raising all this money for the vets. I wasn't looking for the credit.
And by the way, more money is coming in. I wasn't looking for the credit.
But I had no choice but to do this because the press was saying I didn't raise any money for them.
Not only did I raise it, much of it was given a long time ago. And there is a vetting process and I think you understand that.
But when I raise almost $6 million and probably in the end will raise more than six because more is going to come in and is coming in. But when I raise $5.6 million as of today, more is coming in. And this is going to phenomenal groups.
And I have many of these people vetting the people getting the money and working hard. And then we have to read probably libelous stories or certainly close in the newspapers and the people know the stories are false, I'm going to continue to attack the press.
Look, I find the press to be extremely dishonest. I find the political press to be unbelievably dishonest. I will say that.
Okay, thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Well, thank you very much everyone.
I want to start by, as always, thanking my family. My wife, Melania. My kids  they're not kids anymore but they're kids as far as I'm concerned. They'll always be my kids. And I want to thank my great parents who are looking down right now and my brother looking down on us. I want to thank my entire family, including Maryanne, Elizabeth, Robert.
And it's been some unbelievable day and evening and year. I never have been through anything like this but it's a beautiful thing to watch and a beautiful thing to behold, and we're going to make America great again. We're going to make America great again.
So important  so important that the people of Indiana have been incredible.
I started as you know not very long ago  about six weeks ago  and I was told that I had a 20 point deficit.
And I went there and I worked very hard and I campaigned and I made lots of speeches and met lots of incredible people  incredible people. You don't get better, and the crowds got bigger and bigger. And toward the end, it was like I didn't want to leave. I almost said, "Maybe I'll just never leave" and it resonated somehow and we have a tremendous victory tonight.
It was a tremendous victory.
And I have to thank Bobby Knight. Boy, Bobby Knight was incredible. He was incredible.
I always that people like that  there aren't many  but it's called tough, smart, and they know how to win. And that's what our country needs. We have to win again. We have to know how to win.
And we haven't won. We've been losing all the time. We lose with our military. We can't beat ISIS. We lose with trade. We lose with borders. We lose everything.
We're not going to lose. We're going to start winning again and we're going to win big league. Believe me.
So when I got back tonight and I started watching all of the different networks, I could immediately that we were doing very well, and it really looks like a massive victory and it looks like we win all 57 delegates.

And I must say in staying in various places in Indiana, I turned on the television and all I saw was negative ads, negative one after another after another.
And I called my people and I said, "How can we win? It's just constantly." It was the same as in Florida. You know, there've been 60,000 negative ads.
I got it right from you folks, okay? 60,000. In fact, two weeks ago it was 55,000. Now it's 60,000 negative ads  most of which are absolutely false and disgusting. And I said how can anybody endure this?
I had one evening two nights ago where literally they had five ads on in between segments of a show that I was watching. And I said that's just incredible.
And the people are so smart. They don't buy it. They get it.
And it's tremendous, tremendous amounts of money were spent  millions and millions of dollars. And they were comparing it. They think it was probably $8 million was spent against me and we spent $900,000. So, I mean, to me that's the way it's supposed to be. That's something that makes me feel really, really very good.
And now we're going to Nebraska where I have  I just hear we're doing really wonderfully. I look forward to that very much.
And West Virginia. And we're going to get those miners back to work. I'll tell you what. We're going to get those miners back to work.
We're not going to be Hillary Clinton, and I watched her three or four weeks ago where she was talking about the miners as if they were just numbers and she was talking about she wants the mines closed and she will never let them work again.
Let me tell you, the miners in West Virginia and Pennsylvania which was so great to me last week and Ohio and all over, they're going to start to work again. Believe me. You're going to be proud again to be miners.
So we'll be going there. I must say this tremendous run that we've had started with New York when we had almost 62%. And don't forget, that's with three people. So 62% with two people is a massive landslide. But 63% almost  just a little over 62%  when you have that kind of a number with three people, it's actually unheard of.
And all throughout, it was 17 people, then 15, then 12, you know, it's tremendous, and we were getting very high numbers. And some of the numbers in my opinion that I got in the early stages were in a state with 32% but there were 14 people. I think that might actually be more and better than getting 62% in New York. But we never got the credit for that.
But now we don't need the credit because we're going after Hillary Clinton. She will not be a great president. She will not be a good president. She will be a poor president.
She doesn't understand trade. Her husband signed perhaps in the history of the world the single worst trade deal ever done. It's called NAFTA.
And I was witnessed to the carnage over the last six weeks especially. Now I've known Syracuse and I've known Poughkeepsie and I've known all of the different places that I visited in New York and then Pennsylvania and then Maryland, which treated me so great the people are incredible.

And all of the different state  Connecticut. And I've witnessed what it's done really firsthand. And it has been indeed carnage.
And we're going to change it around.
We're not going to let Carrier and all of these companies just think they can move  go to another country, make their products, sell it back to us, and we get only one thing: We get unemployment. Not going to happen anymore, folks. Not going to happen anymore.
We're going to bring back our jobs and we're going to keep our jobs. We're not going to let companies leave.
Now, if they want to go to a different state, good luck, compete.
But when they start going to different countries and in many cases countries that devalue their currency and make it impossible for our companies to compete, that's not going to happen. Not going to happen.
And if they want to do it anyway, there will be consequences, and there will be very, very serious consequences.
I have to tell you that I've competed all my life. Competitive person. All my life I've been in competitions. Different competitions whether it's sports or business or now for 10 months politics.
And I have to tell you that I have met some of the most incredible competitors that I have ever competed against right here on the Republican Party.
You know, we started off with that 17 number. And just so you understand  Ted Cruz  I don't know if he likes me or if he doesn't like me. But he is one hell of a competitor. He is a tough, smart guy.
And he has got an amazing future. He's got an amazing future. So I want to congratulate Ted.
And I know how tough it is. It's tough. It's tough.
I've had some moments where it's not looking so good, and it's not a great feeling. And so I understand how Ted feels and Heidi and their whole beautiful family.
And I just want to say that one tough competitor and I can say that for the others. I mean, Chris Christie who endorsed me. Incredible guy. Dr. Ben Carson who was right up there, one of the first. He just called me and said, "It's a movement you've got going. We've got to do something because I'll tell you what, it's an incredible movement." And Dr. Ben Carson endorsed me. And I want to tell you that is an incredible man and we want to keep Ben totally involved because we're going to win. We're going to win in November.
And we're going to win big and it's going to be America first.
You know, I made a speech the other day and I talked about how we're the policemen for the world, how we protect other countries and they don't respect us and they don't take care of us and they don't treat us right in many cases.
And that's not going to happen.
Now, we're going to keep things going and we're going to keep things going very nicely but we owe  soon  $21 trillion. It's $19 trillion now but with a budget that was recently done, soon it will be $21 trillion.
And we're just not in a position that we're in 30 years ago, 40 years ago, 50 years ago when a lot of these things took place and began taking place.

So, we're going to have unbelievably good relationships with other countries.
But likewise they have to treat us fairly and they have to understand that what we've been doing over the years has been so wrong and so unfair to the United States, to its people, and to its taxpayers.
So that will change. And I will tell you, they're going to end up liking us better than they do right. They're going to respect us.
In this building right upstairs, I have the largest bank in the world from China. The relationship is fantastic.
We have great relationships with many foreign countries. But they have to respect us and they have to understand where we're coming from.
And you know, it is a two-way street. And the two-way street means that we're going down one side and they're coming up the other. And we're going to meet and we are going to have something that's going to be really fabulous.
Now, if that can't happen. If for some reason they want this system to continue the way it's going now, which is not fair and not good, where we're spending trillions and trillions of dollars probably $4 trillion in the Middle East.
And we have to build our infrastructure, our roads. We have to rebuild our bridges, our airports, our hospitals in this country.
We've become close to a third world country. You look at some of our airports; it's third world. And then you go to other countries and you see places like you've never seen.
So I have to say that we are going to turn it around.
We're going to build up our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before. It's the cheapest thing we can do. And we're going to have to take out ISIS and we're going to have to take them out fast. We can't allow that cancer to continue. We cannot allow it to continue.
And you know, one group that's been so incredible to me are the vets  the veterans. And they've been treated so badly. So badly. And we're going to get that straightened out.
Now, one of the things that just happened, which to me is very exciting and it's happened now with two or three. But the Rasmussen poll came out yesterday and in that poll, I'm now leading Hillary Clinton. A lot of good things...
And that's going to continue because they're not going to be able to do it, folks.
They're not going to be able to make great trade deals. We have such bad deals.
They're not going to be able to do what we do with the military.
They're not going to be able to do what we're going to do on the border, including the wall.
We're going to have unbelievably great relationships with the Hispanics. The Hispanics have been so incredible to me. They want jobs. Everybody want jobs. The African-Americans want jobs. You look at what's going on. They want jobs.
And we're going to bring back our jobs. We're going to save our jobs and people are going to have great jobs again.
And this country, which is very, very divided in so many different ways is going to become one beautiful loving country. And we're going to love each other. We're going to cherish each other. We're going to take care of each other. And we're going to have great economic development.
And we're not going to let other countries take it away from us because that's what's been happening for far too many years and we're not going to do it anymore. We're not going to do it anymore.
I want to thank and congratulate the Republican National Committee and Reince Priebus, who I just spoke to. He's doing a tremendous job. It's not an easy job when he had 17 egos and now I guess he's down to one.

I don't know. Is there a second? I mean, is there a second? I don't know.
But I have ask you folks to explain the status of that.
But he's done an amazing job and I think we're going to see something really, really fantastic.
I also want to thank my staff, Paul, Cory, Pope. I mean, these people. What we've been doing has been incredible.
The work has been unreal.
And Jared [Kushner], married to my daughter Ivanka. I mean, honestly, you know Jared is a very successful real estate person but I actually think he likes politics more than he likes real estate. I'm excited. And he's very good at politics.
So again folks this has been an amazing evening. I didn't expect this. I didn't expect it.
And what Ted did is really a very brave thing to do and a great thing to do because we want to bring unity to the Republican Party. We have to bring unity. It's so much easier if we have it.
And many, many people are calling that you wouldn't even believe  the media, the press, they wouldn't believe. People who have said the worst things about me  I've never had things said about me like this.
You know, with my businesses, I've always been very respected. People didn't talk to me this way. But in politics, it's easy.
The worst things and they're calling now and they're calling us all and they're saying, "We'd love to get on the train"  the "Trump Train" they call it  "But we'd love to get on the team."
And I actually spoke to one today who was vicious. I mean, this guy was unbelievable. And I said, "I'd love having you and I think it's terrific. But after what you said about me how can you possibly join our team?" And he said, "Mr. Trump, don't even think about it. Don't worry about it. There'll be no problem." In other words, he's a politician; there's no problem. I would have had a hard time.
But we have a lot of people coming  lots of congressmen. I have to thank Jeff Sessions  Sen. Jeff Sessions  one of the most respected men or people in Congress.
And so many others. I mean, Sarah Palin has been from day one incredible.
Jerry Falwell, Jr. Liberty University, I mean he is something. He is really a special person. They've done an incredible job and everybody goes through Liberty. We all go through Liberty and somehow he liked what I was saying and perhaps he liked the way I said it. But he's a special guy and he really has helped. And so many pastors and ministers.
And tonight, I see that I won with the evangelicals. The evangelical vote was for Trump.
And there's no greater honor. No greater honor. We're going to work together for many, many years. We're going to make it so good. We're going to be saying Merry Christmas again. We're going to be saying it...
And I won with women. I love winning with women. But I won with women. I won with men. We won with Hispanics. We won with African-Americans. We won with every  virtually every category. So it's just been an amazing evening.
So again, I want to congratulate Ted Cruz. He is a tough, smart competitor. I want to thank my wife and my family. It's an incredible family.
I want to thank my staff  both my staff and my thousands and thousands of people that work for the Trump organization, and perhaps in all fairness more importantly on this evening and for what we're doing currently, my staff where we're running for the presidency.
And remember this. Our theme is very simple. It's make America great. We will make America great again. We will start winning again. You will be so proud of this country very, very soon.
Thank you all. Thank you very much. Thank you! Thank you very much!

So beautiful. She said, "Do you mind? I wrote something  coming out, I wrote something. Do you mind if I said it?" I said, "Not at all. Should I read it?" She said, "I don't want you to read it. I don't want you to read it."
Thank you very much. I want to thank Melania for that. That was very special.
You know, Wisconsin's a really special place, and we've been all over today. Speeches all over. We had one before. Thousands and thousands of people standing outside of an airplane hangar because the hangar was packed. And we had another one in the morning, and it's been an amazing day, and some phenomenal results.
You see what's happening with the polls. Boom! Like a rocket ship. It's like a rocket.
I guess I just heard when I walked in one just came out that we're 10 points up. But don't worry about that. Pretend you didn't hear that. Go out and vote tomorrow. Okay? Go out and vote tomorrow.
You know, I always tell  I used to say this to politicians that run that'd be friends of mine, I'd say, "Pretend you're a little bit behind. Okay? That way you'd work hard. You'd never forget."
But you know, there's somebody that was  I saw just a little while ago in the audience a very special woman, an incredible woman, and Melania just said hello and met her was so taken, and she represented you so beautifully. And some of you know who she is. Many of you know who she is.
But she was Miss Wisconsin. She has one of the most incredible spirits that I've ever seen. She's got her husband and her son and her son is absolutely magnificent and she loves him more than anything that you can imagine.

I'll tell you that's an amazing and just an incredible story and we're going to make sure that it goes as well as it can.
She was so amazing the way she walked up here and just spoke from the heart, and we all have to speak from the heart.
And you noticed no teleprompters? We don't have teleprompters. We want to do it right from here and from here and from here.
But I just want to  I saw Melissa, and I said, "I have to have you up" because her story's an amazing story and it's a story of courage and we're going to work with her family and we're going to make sure everything goes well.
Okay, thank you all very much.
So, in coming over today and in going through a few of them, I said to a few of the folks I've got to explain what's happening because our country is being decimated by stupidity, by bad deals, by horrible trades, by TPP, which Cruz wants badly and which is going to destroy Wisconsin.
This Trans-Pacific Partnership is a disaster. Cruz is pushing it hard.
Kasich, I don't think he's a player here. I mean, the guy is one in 32. He's one and it was in his own state. And if I would have campaigned there two more days instead of staying in Florida, I would have won in my opinion Ohio. He's one and 32.
Now, in all fairness, Jeb Bush was doing a lot better than that. Many people were doing better. It's called you get out. He's taking my votes. We have to get over 50%. And how do you do that?
Look, at a certain point in life, what you do is you say, "I'm one in 32. In other words, I've won one out of 32 states," and you do what Marco did, which was great, and you do what Rand Paul did, and you do what a lot of them did, and you get out.

And she's going through a very hard time. And she has been so supportive and so like just incredible of what we're all  what we're trying to do. Not me. I'm a messenger. What we're trying to do  make America great again and bring it back and stop letting the world take advantage of us both militarily and we don't win anymore.
We don't win anymore. We don't win with trade. We don't win with the military.
We pay for everybody else's military.
We don't know what we're doing.
And she saw it and she was here early. And she knows that we're going to take care of our people, and it's going to be America first. It's got to be America first. We have no choice. We have no choice.
And she's with a friend of hers who's very well-known, Chelsea Cooley, who is a tremendous, tremendous woman and just an amazing person. Also a great singer but I won't even mention that because Chelsea would be the last to want to have people know that. Chelsea is such a great friend of Melissa Young and Melissa Young  I just want to bring her and Chelsea onto the stage and maybe Melissa would like to say something and Chelsea. But this is just an unbelievable woman.
So could I ask Melissa to come up on stage please?

And by the way, if you want, you could put your name up and you say "I want to run" and you go to the convention and you run.
But it would be nice to see  because I'll tell you what, he takes my votes away much more than he does Cruz. And I don't like it. I don't think it's right. I don't think it's appropriate.
But you know what? If we have to live with him, we still beat him easily. Okay, folks? I mean, okay?
But Kasich voted for NAFTA. NAFTA was a disaster for Wisconsin and it was a disaster for our country.
Ted Cruz wants TPP and it is going to make NAFTA look like peanuts. What they're doing to us with those documents, and Cruz is the one that insisted that we can't talk about money manipulation, which is devaluation of currencies in the agreement. He wouldn't let them do it. He's the one that fought currency devaluation. That's the single biggest tool that other countries have for taking our business, taking our money, and taking our jobs. And we can't let this go on any longer.
Now, they're controlled by their PACs. They're controlled by the people that put up their campaign contributions. They're controlled, you know, with the lobbyists in Washington. They have signs on their forehead. It's like stamped into their forehead  "I take care of Cruz." They're specialists. "I take care of Kasich." "I take care of Hillary."
Oh, Hillary. Ayeyeye. "Take care of Hillary."
So we can't let it happen anymore. We can't let it happen anymore.
It's time  you know Obama used to say, "Time for change"? I'll say it's time for change but real change this time not that change. Real change.
Obama yesterday  President Obama yesterday for the first time he started having reservations about the Iran deal. I could have told him that six months ago, nine months ago, long before it was signed. The ink isn't even dry and now he's finally starting to understand it was a big beautiful mistake and it's only going to get worse.
And by the way, Iran is getting worse. They were supposed to come into the community. Remember? What a bunch of babies. Are we babies? Are we babies? Hello over there.
They were supposed to come into the community and they were supposed to, you know, get involved.
Now, you see they just ordered 118 Airbus jets. Those are the big jets. 100. They didn't order Boeing.
The reason  one of the reasons is we restrict them from spending. So we give them $150 billion and they're not even allowed to give us money by investing, by buying our products. Okay? How crazy are we? How much longer is it going to last? When are we going to get smart? When are we going to stop?
We as a country are being ripped off. We are being ripped off by virtually every single country in the world. Okay? Whether it's militarily or trade.
We don't win anymore. We can't win with the military. We can't beat ISIS.
Can you imagine Gen. MacArthur or Gen. George Patton? They say get rid of ISIS. What do you think?
...It's so sad to see what's happening to our country and we're going to turn it around and we're going to change it. And we're going to make it rich again, and we're going to make it strong again.
So, and so many different elements, and I've been talking about trade. I always talk about trade.
Because when I announced on June 16th coming down the escalator with Melania, it was like the Academy Awards. There were so many cameras; I've never seen anything like it. So many cameras. And I took a deep breadth and I said, "Let's go." Because we have to do it.
You know, it takes guts. Running for president, believe me, takes guts. It takes a lot of guts. Believe me.
And even for the politicians they run at least they're out on the line, and then you see the dishonesty. You see where I won Louisiana and then I find out that I'm not supposed to get as many delegates as the person that I beat. What kind of stuff is that?
And somebody said, "Well, there's a rule and another rule." I don't care about rules, folks. I go out and I campaign. We win. We win. We get the delegates. Right?
But in the meantime, we have millions more votes than Cruz. We've beaten him in most of the states. I mean, we're just winning so much. And we're winning by almost 300 delegates.
So we're doing great. And I think we close it out before the convention. I think we actually close it out before the convention.

And that's like a prizefighter. You know, they go into unfriendly territory, and the champ, he goes in. And they say, "What do you think? You may have an unfriendly decision." He says, "No, when you knock them out, there's no unfriendly decision."
If we get the delegates, we've pulled out a knock-out. And that's the way it's going to be, and I can see that happening because more and more people are calling, they want to get on board.
Frankly, when I looked at what happened  a friend of mine, who's a great  you know, one of my great friends, he lives right down  not very far from here. And he said, "With Wisconsin, you're going win." I said, "Well, what do you think? But I'm not seeing polls that are great. I'm a little bit down. I'm down in some. I'm a little bit down." He says, "No, no, you're going to win. But you have to be there. You have to come in and you have to talk to the people." Like we did this afternoon at the hangar. And he said, "You're going to win. I mean, you're going to win." He's a very smart guy, I want to tell you. Great guy. But he said, "You've got to come in."
We've been making  I've been making speeches, three today, four yesterday, three or four the other day. We're here constantly. You're going to get so sick of me. You're going to say, "Oh, get him the hell out of here."
No, we are making so much progress and it's been so inspiring to see the people. I mean, look at even you people. You don't sit down. If you want, you can. Oh, stay up. Stand up. What the heck? Hey, we've got plenty of time to sit down, right? We've got plenty of time.
But I do appreciate that. That's a sign of affection, and it's a sign of respect, and I really do appreciate it. That's really nice.
So we have to bring our country back and so many different things.
With China, we have a trade deficit of $500 billion a year.
With Mexico, we will build a wall. We will have strong borders. Strong borders. Believe me. We have a trade deficit of $58 billion a year. The wall's going to cost $10 billion to build. And people, the politicians are saying, "How can you possibly get them to pay?"
Let me tell you something, folks. We have some good business people in this audience.
When you have a $58 billion deficit, and you have a $10 billion wall, that's real easy. And that's on a yearly basis the $58 billion. It's really easy.
And they don't understand it. They said, "How are you going to get them to pay?"
I said, "It's so easy." And you understand it. Just rely on me. Okay? Rely. So easy. That's so easy. And we're going to have a strong border.
You know, two days ago I was greatly honored because the Border Patrol, the folks that do a great job, and they're told to stand back but they don't want to stand back. They want to do their job properly. They're proud people. They're incredible people. Frankly, before the wall goes up, we might not even need the wall, but we're building it anyway. Okay? We're building it. Believe me.
But the Border Patrol people are unbelievable people, and its 15,500 people gave me an endorsement two days ago. And I didn't ask for it. I didn't know.
First time, first time they've ever done it. Right? First time, they've ever done it and they gave me an endorsement. And it's so important.
Now, Sheriff Joe [Arpaio] from Arizona. You know, I won Arizona very big, and Sheriff Joe was with me and it was incredible and we love it.
Look, we have to have strong borders. We can't let the Syrians come in that we have no idea who they are, where they're coming from. We don't know if they're Syrians.
This could be the all-time great Trojan horse. Who knows?
I have as big a heart as anybody. We want to help them. We want to build safe zones in Syria.
I want to get the Gulf States to pay for it. The Gulf States have nothing but money. We don't have money. We will run it. We will do a good job. We'll get it done but let somebody else pay for it for a change. We can't do it.
...I keep getting these requests. You know, Al Green  the great Al Green wrote "The Snake". How many people have heard "The Snake"? How many people? Oh, do you want to hear "The Snake"? Do you want to hear it? I mean, people love it and I love it because it says what's going to happen to us if we're not careful.
And this really pertains to allowing people into our country that we know are going  we're going to have problems. We're going to have huge problems. Allowing people in from areas of the world we don't know where they come from. We don't know where their documents are. They say they don't have documents. They have no papers. No nothing. We let them in. How stupid can we be?
So this is called "The Snake" and I think it's pretty good. All right? Are you ready for this? A couple of you have heard it but some of you haven't.

"On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tender-hearted woman saw a poor half-frozen snake. His pretty colored skin had been all frosted with the dew. Oh well,' she cried, I'll take you in, and I'll take care of you.' Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,' cried the broken snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a curvature of silk and then laid him by the fireside with some honey and some milk. Now she hurried home from work that night. As soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she'd taken in had been revived. Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,' sighed the broken snake. Now she clutched him to her bosom. You're so beautiful,' she cried. But if I hadn't brought you in by now, heaven's sake you might have died.' Now she stroke his pretty skin and then she kissed him and held him tight. But instead of saying thank you, that snake gave her a vicious bite. Take me in, oh tender woman. Take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman,' sighed the very, very healthy snake. I saved you,' cried the woman, And you bit me. Heaven's why? You know your bite is poisonous and now I'm going to die.' Oh shut up, silly woman,' said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in.'"
Right?
That's what's happening to our country, folks. That's what's happening to our country and we can't let it happen. We have to be smart. We have to be vigilant. We have to be strong. And if we're not, we're not going to have a country.
And we need borders and we're going to have borders.
And we need great trade deals and we're going to make great trade deals.
And we can't let Mexico and I have great respect for Mexico and I respect their leaders but we can't let Mexico and China and any country you want to name steal our business, steal our jobs.
When you look at what's happening in Wisconsin  and you see it  the reason I beat your governor and I beat him badly was I just read off the statistics. I just read  all I did, I stood up and I read statistics. You're losing jobs...It's very average. It's very average.
Our country is less than average. Okay? Our country is doing so badly. And it's just one of those things and we have to smarten up and we have to get really tough. We have to get so, so, so vigilant and not be so politically correct. We have to do what's right for our country.
When the great Ford Motor Company  great company  when they build a $2.5 billion plant in Mexico, when Nabisco moves its massive plant to Mexico from Chicago, we can't let it happen.
When Carrier Air Conditioners, as you know, they just announced they're moving to Mexico.
Pfizer is moving to Ireland.
But let me just tell you. So, I watched the politicians and they have no business instincts. But more importantly, they're taken care of.
You know, a lot of friends come up to me and they say, "Donald, let me ask you a question. These politicians  are they really that dumb?" I said, "No, they're not actually that dumb. Some are. But they're not actually that dumb. They're all taken care of by the special interests. And when you want something done, you see certain people in Washington."
Hey, who is better than me? I mean, take a look at me. I was before June 16th, I was a part of the establishment and they will do not what's right for you but they will do what's right for the company they represent or the country they represent and the United States continues to get ripped off, ripped off, ripped off.
And a lot of times, I'll say, "How can a deal be so stupidly made? These people are so stupid." They're not stupid. They're doing it for themselves. They're doing it because they want campaign contributions. They're doing it because they want money put in their PACs. They are totally controlled by the money. Believe me. They are totally controlled by the money, and that's not good for our country. Okay? That's not good because terrible things are happening and we're getting weaker and weaker.
Hundreds of thousands and even millions of jobs are being taken out.

You look at the jobs we have. Even in Wisconsin, I mean, you see the jobs, the manufacturing, it's all so down and so gloomy and throughout the United States. And it's a disaster what's going on in our country. We're not going to have jobs left.
And they do it with manipulation of currency. And they do it with guile. They do it with so many different elements that our people don't even know what's happening.
Our politicians in most cases don't even know what's happening. And when they do know what's happening and they let it happen, it's even worse.
So I'm not taking money from anybody. I'm self-funding my campaign.
And we're going to get it. We're going to get it.
Now, I look at this U.S. manufacturing  I mean, just look at this. Look at these charts. I mean, you can see them...This is where we're going.
You know that's not good. Right? This is where we're going.
There was one that I just saw. Just got this. It's like incredible.
Look at this. This is U.S. manufacturing jobs rapidly decline since year 2000. Look at that chart. Another couple of years, there won't be any jobs.
And the jobs we have now are bad jobs. These are bad jobs. These aren't good jobs. And everybody admits that. Even the other side says, "We agree. They're bad jobs."
And the number that they talk about when they say 5% unemployment  it's a fictitious number. When you stop looking for a job, you're considered statistically employed.
It was a number that was made up years ago probably by president but certainly by politicians to make them look good, to make them look really good like the economy.
The economy is not good. The economy is bad.
We're sitting on a bubble. The banks have money. They give it to you for nothing if you're rich. If you're not rich, that's when you need the money, they don't loan it to you. So the people can't do jobs.
Probably here you have some great companies, some really good smaller companies, you can't get the banks to give you money. The banks are controlled by the regulators. They system that this country is run under is out of control.
And we're going to change it. We're going to bring back the jobs. We're going to bring back our companies.
And you know I've had such a response. And the reason I've had response is because of that and then I look at the ads today.
I'm in hotel and I look at the ads and Cruz makes up these ads. "We're going to bring back jobs"  he's using my same language.
Here's the problem. They don't know where to begin. They don't know where to begin.
And if they did, Lyin' Ted, lyin', he comes up. Did you ever see a guy like this? Just look what he did with Ben Carson.
Ben Carson, who endorsed me by the way, is a great guy, and Lyin' Ted, remember in Iowa, he said "Ben has left the race. He's left the race." This was on election day. It's not like two days before or the day after. "During the election, he left the race." Okay? And people believed him and thousands of votes were cast not for Ben but for Ted Cruz. It's pure deception. It's lying.
And then there were many other things. And actually during one of the debates, Marco Rubio looked over and he said, "You're a liar." And I said, "You know, I never heard a politician call another politician liar so we can do it." So we now call him Lyin' Ted  Lyin'. It's crazy. It's crazy.
I mean, what he does and what he says is just terrible. And you know, I've met a lot tougher people but I've never met any human that lied as much as him.
And he comes in and you noticed the tremendous evangelical support I have? I have Jerry Falwell Jr. from Liberty University. I have all of these people. I have such incredible support.
And the evangelicals  he thought he was going to get the evangelicals but they don't like liars and they see he lies so much.
Do you ever see him  he walks up and he walks in with the Bible, held high. Right? Held high and then he starts to lie.
Boy, he is bad.
So anyways, I don't think that you're going to fall for that. I really don't think that anybody is going to fall  he doesn't talk. He debates...I said, "Ted, take it easy. Just talk. Talk. Talk."
But we're doing really well. The whole thing is just working out. And I loved being here. You know, I've been here for a long time. I've been here for a long time. I'm going here  we're going to stay tomorrow. We're going to have some, I think I'm doing Fox and Friends tomorrow morning. I'm doing some shows tomorrow. We're going to do some shows and we're going to be around and we're going to make sure  we want to bring this home.
If we can  you know, we have a movement going on, folks. And it's a movement of intelligence, actually. It's a movement of common sense. That's all it is.
We're not going to let Carrier make air conditioners, fire all of its people, move to Mexico, make the air conditioners then come in and take the money out of the country. It's not going to happen anymore.

And I'm a free trader. And they say, "He's not a  " Remember Jeb Bush? "He is not a conservative." I said, "What?" I am a conservative. But you know what? I believe in free trade.
But when you have free trade, you need smart people running your side of the free trade.
If you don't have smart people or if you have people like Ted Cruz that are totally controlled by the people that give him the money and they're controlled by the establishment. I mean, look at the establishment.
This guy in his whole life didn't know what the word establishment meant. Now you have all these people going because they said, "Oh man, Trump is terrible. He doesn't want any of our money."
I had one friend that came into my office  I don't think I've ever said this before. He came into my office. He wanted to give me millions of dollars. I said, "I can't take your money. I don't want your money. I'm self-funding." He said, "No, no, no, you've got to be kidding." He didn't even know. He thought I was kidding. He wanted to endorse me, wanted to support me. I said no, no, I don't want. Anyway, he was finally convinced that I didn't want his money and he's leaving. And I said, "By the way, what are you going to do now?" He said, "I'm going to give it to another candidate." And I said, "Why?"
They're gamblers. They have to do it. It's like almost a disease. They have to do it. It's the craziest thing.
He loves me. He wants to give give me probably close to $10 million. Right? I would have had the greatest Super PAC in the history if I would have taken all the money.
And my whole life, you know, I've said this before, my whole life as a business person is this. Right? It's okay. Nothing wrong with it. I take. I keep taking. I take and take.
But now I'm going to take for the United States. We're going to take. We're not going to be the stupid people anymore. We're not going to be the stupid people anymore. We can't be. We can't be.
And with NATO when they don't pay, you know, I said  I was asked a question by Wolf Blitzer, a very fair question about NATO.
Now, you know, I've been a businessman. World class. I filed my business papers. They were phenomenal. Everybody says great, great, great. I built a great company. Very little debt. Tremendous cash flow. Some of the greatest assets in the world.
And I tell you that only for one reason  that's the thinking we need in Washington. We need some of that thinking.
And Wolf Blitzer asked me a question on television. He said, "Let me just ask you about NATO." Now, I haven't been asked about NATO a lot but I understand NATO and I understand common sense, and I'm like a smart person like many of the people in this room. Hopefully all of the people in this room.
But he asked me about NATO. I said, "It's obsolete." This was my first thing.
And you know what? I'm the first one.
Guys that study NATO and good people but they study NATO and they say, "I don't believe it. What he just said, I never thought of it." They study it because they're so into it that they don't realize because it was really put there.
You had the Soviet Union and now you have Russia, which is different but Russia is powerful so we could sort of say that's a balance. So we'll leave it.
But it doesn't really cover terrorism like it's supposed to. Doesn't have the right countries. I mean, many of the countries and there aren't  that you associate with terrorism.
And so I said number one, it's obsolete.
I said number two, to the best of my knowledge, the United States pay far too much proportionately and why are we always paying the bills to protect other people?
And the press, which is so totally dishonest, the press goes  headlines the next day  "Trump doesn't want NATO, wants to disband NATO". And that's not what I said.
I said, you've got to pay your bills. And you know what? If you can't pay your bills, honestly, there should be  they've got to go because we can't do it. You know, this isn't 68 years ago. This isn't when it was originally formed like many, many years ago, many decades ago, and you have to re-do things.
But it is interesting. Some of the smartest people have said "What Trump said is genius. It's obsolete. And you know what? It's true." There's a lot of people, a lot of countries being given a free ride. We can't have the free rides any more, folks.
...Thank you. Well, we need somebody with that...And it's America first, folks. It's America first.
So then, as you know, North Korea is a big problem. North Korea is a problem. A problem that could be solved easily by China but they don't want to solve it because they want to tweak us. They're building in the South China Seas a massive military fort. You know what's going on. They shouldn't be doing that.
And they're taking our money and, you know, you talk about the imbalance of trade, you talk about the kind of money. How about this? We owe China $1.7 trillion.
Now, they take our money. They take our jobs...I'm not angry at China. I'm angry at our people and our leaders for letting it happen.
I'm not angry with China. If you can get away with it, you do it.
But they take our jobs, they take our money, they take our money. They take everything.
We owe them $1.7 trillion. That's sort of like a magic act. Doesn't it? Amazing.
Japan, they send cars by the millions. They come off those boats. Los Angeles  I was there at the docks. I looked at the biggest boats you've ever seen. Biggest, greatest ships you've ever seen. The cars are pouring off the ships. We owe them $1.5 trillion.

It's like, well, how does this all happen? Okay? How does it happen?
Here's the story, folks.
We're going to change our thinking. We're going to be the smart people again. We're going to be so smart. We're going to be so sharp.
So a lot of people don't know we protect Japan. Do you know that? Does anybody know? You might know...We protect Japan. We protect Germany. We protect South Korea.
When you want a television set, who do you get it from? South Korea. Samsung. LG. You get it from South Korea.
So we protect all and big ships they make. These are monster, monster economies. We protect them.
They don't pay what they should be paying for not having to have this massive military apparatus that we supply.
And you know what? We get that because we have people that don't know what they're doing in Washington for many years. I mean, I'm not even blaming it  Obama's the worst. He's the worst. The worst.
I mean, when he just realizes, I mean he just realized that the Iran deal is a bad deal. It just took him  realize  I said, "Oh, why didn't you listen to me two years ago?" Just two years ago if he would have listened  can you imagine? Did you ever see a deal take so long?
By the way, usually when a deal takes that long, it's bad automatically. I can usually tell you that.
But anyway, so we protect Japan. So it comes out...I said, look, I would have to tell Japan and I'm talking about other nations also because I have great friends from Japan, I have great friends from South Korea. We have to go see them, go to talk to, have a meeting with them, "We love protecting you." We don't want them to arm necessarily. But you know, at some point, how long are we going to do this?
So we have to see them and we have to say, "You've got to help us out."
You know, we have this massive, massive amount of money that we have to get rid of because we're sitting on one of the worst bubbles you'll ever see. Okay? Believe me. We've got to straighten it out.
We've got to straighten out our trade deals. We've got to straighten out our military deals. We're taking care of all these countries.
So we go to Japan. And here's what the...I was telling the people and they said "Wow, that sounds good." We've got to take  you've got to take care of us.
Now, they'll probably say initially "No". And then we leave and then they're going to say, "Yes."
But if they don't say yes, you always have to be prepared to make a great deal to walk. You have to be...
The problem with the Iran deal was that Secretary Kerry was like an amateur. Call him amateur night. He refused to walk. They were laughing at him in the streets of Iran. They were claiming the deal was the greatest deal ever made before it was even made. They were saying "This deal is unbelievable." They were laughing at the Secretary of State of this country. They were laughing at the United States saying that this deal is great. And they were dancing. Remember? Burning the flag dancing?
When they start dancing about a deal that I'm making, when they start burning the American flag, I'm out of there. Bye bye. Good luck.
And he just kept going back.
And I kept waiting. I wanted to call him. I wanted to call him. I wanted to say, "Walk." Because every single thing  he'd say, "We would like to get this." "No!" "Oh, okay. You've got it. We would like to get that." "No!"
You know, the Persians are great negotiators. It's an unbelievable deal.
But just yesterday, Obama just yesterday he brought it up that he's very unhappy.
I mean, think of it. Think of it. $150 billion. It's the worst deal. We didn't get our prisoners back. We should have had the prisoners back before we started negotiating. Increase the sanctions. Don't sit at the table. Say "You give our prisoners back or we're not starting." You leave. They'll say "No". You leave. And what happens? You double up the sanctions. Within 24 hours, they call you and they say, "You've got your prisoners." That could have been years ago. Right?
So we have people that don't know what they're doing.
Here's the story. You need Trump. You do. You need Trump. You bet...You do. I mean, you've got to have Trump.
I mean, it's sort of interesting because I see when I turn on the television, I see these ads about myself by crooked people.
I see these ads and they're mostly wrong. A little bit sometimes are right but they're all negative. You know. And I'm looking, I'm watching this on television  ad after ad.
In Florida, they spent $38 million on negative ads and I won it in a landslide...Does anybody read? Does anybody watch television? You know, it's not much for the advertising community when you think they spent $38 million  a record number in Florida.
They spent thousands and thousands of ads nationwide  listen to this one  55,000 negative ads on me. Most of them was made up.
I'll give you one good example.
We have the Club for Growth, which is forget them. These are among the dumbest people that you'll ever meet.
They come to my office. They want me to give them $1 million.
A friend asked me, "Please see them." I said, "Who are they?" "They're Club for Growth." Whatever that means.
So they come to my office. They asked me for $1 million. I say, "No, thank you." And that's it.

Then they write me a letter, which I posted, asking me for $1 million. I said very nicely  I'm not a bad person  I said nicely "No, thank you." I mean, you can be rich but you don't have to be stupid. Okay? Why am I going to give them $1 million?
So, what happens is all of a sudden I see their name all over the place  "Club for Growth" and they talk about, you know, different things  ridiculous things. I mean, they're the worst ads.
And by the way, once was a fraudulent ad because they said, "If Cruz and Kasich got together and you added the delegates"  and they showed the delegates. Right? And you add them up  and I'm over here with a lot. And they said  and they add them up and they show a graph that goes much higher than mine and it's much lower than mine.
They're a fraud. And what we did is we told them to stop that ad and that was a week ago. And we tweeted about it. And everybody's talking about it. And I see it last night again.
They're crooked. So here's what they do. It's like a form of extortion, I guess. Right? When you think of it. They come to your office. They ask for $1 million. You don't give them $1 million. They go out. They do negative ads.
These are the people  you know, if these people about Trump  they call it like "No Trump". What do they call that thing? They call it "Never Trump". Oh, you need Trump so badly though.
I was saying if they would work, if they would have worked so hard, so diligently against President Barack Hussein Obama, they would have beaten him. They would have had great budgets. They would have had everything they wanted.
But with him...I always say, "Obama is the worst negotiator I've ever seen." You look at the  no, except with the Republicans. He gets everything he wants.
I mean, you look at the omnibus budget from three months he got everything he wanted  fund Obamacare, bring people into the country that shouldn't be here. He got everything he wanted.
So he is the worst negotiator worldwide.
We have Sergeant [Bowe] Bergdahl. Right? We get Bergdahl, a traitor. No, no, think of it. This is a negotiation. We get Bergdahl. And they get  what do they get? Five of their most coveted killers that have been in jail for eight years in Gitmo, which we're not closing down by the way. Okay? We're going to run it.
So we get Bergdahl, a traitor, who five or six  probably six  people were killed going out to try and get him back. He left. He's a traitor.
So we get Bergdahl, and that's what we get. And they get five people that are right now back on the battlefield or soon to be back on the battlefield trying to kill everybody in sight, including us. Okay?
We've got to stop it. We've got to stop it.
So with Japan, I said they got to  maybe we've got to walk. And the next day the headlines  "Trump doesn't want to defend Japan", "Trump wants Japan to get their nukes".
Okay, here's the story, folks. You have Japan. Japan is very concerned with North Korea.
You know, number one, I like the way it is now but I want them to pay a lot more money. They probably will. But if they don't, it's not so bad if they are at heads. Maybe we're not supposed to get into that fight. That's a bad fight. Maybe we're not supposed to. Okay? Okay?
Same thing with South Korea. I mean, every time he raises his head and he starts talking, every single time he raises his head, our ships start floating over, our planes start going over. We do all sorts of exercise. What are we get out of this? We have 28,000 soldiers on the line.
So, we have to be taken care of.
Now, I'm talking as a person financially. Okay? I'm also talking militarily. But I'm talking financially.
We don't have a country that can do this anymore.
Saudi Arabia, until the oil went down and now they're still making a fortune. But Saudi Arabia was making $1 billion a day. We protect Saudi Arabia. If we weren't there, Saudi Arabia wouldn't be there. If Saudi Arabia didn't have us for years protecting them, they would have been gone a long time ago as Saudi Arabia. Somebody else would have it, probably maybe Iraq because he would have come back.
And by the way, speaking of that, you know, I was against going into Iraq. Everyone says, "Oh, Trump is going to be very tough." I was against going into Iraq from the very beginning, from the very beginning.
And I'm going to build our military bigger, stronger than ever before. But you know what? Hopefully, we never have to use it. Nobody's going to tell us what to do though. We have to shape it up because our military is totally depleted.
But if our politicians would have gone to the beach for the last number of years, many years, we would be much stronger in a sense. We'd be much stronger because the Middle East is a disaster. You see the great migration. It's a catastrophe.
You see what's going on in Germany. It's a total mess. What she has done.

Can you imagine? She was Person of the Year.
I was supposed to be Person of the Year on Time Magazine. She beat me out and she destroyed Germany. Can you believe this?
That's not good. I wonder if Time Magazine had that one to do over again what they'd say. I think we'll be in much better shape. Well, they've treated me nice. I've been on the cover a lot.
And the reason we're on the cover a lot is because we have a movement the likes of which people have never seen.
So here's the story. Here's the story.
You know, one of the great writers called me up and he said, "What you've done is incredible." I said, "No, no, I have to win." He said, "No, no, it makes no difference. If you win, if you lose, it doesn't matter. What you've done is down in the history books. You will be cover for all time. It's incredible." I said, "No, sir. No, sir. I have to win. Because if I don't win, to me, I will consider it a tremendous waste of time and waste of money but a tremendous waste of time."
So here's the story. Here's the story. We're going to take care of our Second Amendment. It's being chipped and chipped.
We're going to get rid of Common Core. We're going to bring education back locally.
We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare, which is a total catastrophe. You're going to have great health insurance.
We're going to save your Social Security. We're going to save your Medicare. We are going to save it because we are going to make our country rich again. We're going to bring back our jobs. We're not going to let our jobs go. And we're going to be able to afford  you've been paying in it a long time and a lot of these guys want it to be knocked to hell. It's not going to happen. Okay? Remember that. It's not going to happen.
We're going to start winning again, folks. We don't win anymore. We don't win anymore. We don't win with our military. We can't beat ISIS. We're going to win. We're going to knock the hell out of ISIS.
We don't win with our vets. Our vets are being treated worse than illegal immigrants. Our vets are being treated so unfairly. They're our great people.
And other people  you know, vets have endorsed me virtually unanimously and a lot of the vets will come up to me and say, "You know, Mr. Trump, we follow closely what's going on. You're the only person that ever mentions the vets." Right?
And Hillary Clinton recently said about the vets that they're being taken care of just fine. They're not being take care of fine. They're not being taken care of. She said they're being taken care of just fine.
I know the vets. Nobody's spent more time with the vets that are running. And we're going to take care of our vets. Okay?
We are going to tear up and make great and very lucrative and everybody is going to be happy, including the other side, trade deals.
I have the greatest people in the world for dealing.
We use political hacks that don't know what they're doing. They're dealing against the smartest people in China, the smartest people in Japan, the smartest people from all over the world, and our negotiators are political hacks and we're not using them anymore.
We're using the greatest business people in the world and we have them in this country and they're endorsing me, and I know the best ones from the not so great ones. And we're going to have great, great trade deals.

We're going to have a strong border. We're going to have a real border. We're going to have a wall. Mexico is paying for it. We're going to have a wall.
And we're going to stop bad, bad things from happening in this country. Because if you look at what's going on and you look at the tremendous crime and you look at the drugs that are pouring across the border, it's  the drugs are pouring like water. They're pouring across.
You know when I won  New Hampshire is a special place to me because they were the first victory I had. And I won New Hampshire, and I wasn't expected to win it; Jeb was expected to win it. And I won it in landslide.
And I'd go around and I'd see the people of New Hampshire, and they tell me, "Mr. Trump, our biggest problem is heroin." I said, "Heroin?" It doesn't make sense. You know, you look at the beautiful trees or the woods or the roadways and the lakes. I said, "Heroin?" It just doesn't work. It's incongruous. Right? It doesn't work. But it was heroin. And I said, "If I get in, we're going to stop that problem." Then I said, "Where does it come from?" They said, "It comes from the southern border. They come right in."
Now, New Hampshire rated it their number one problem. They have a tremendous problem. But many other communities, including you, but many other communities have this problem. We're going to stop it cold, folks. We're going to stop it cold.
And the bottom line is this. Look, we have a big, big day. And you're going to look back on this evening and you're going to say that was one of the great evenings of your life because we love the country. We love the country.
...I love you too. Thank you.
Really do. I love the people. I love the people.
You know, they say Donald Trump  my base is so strong. They say, "Donald Trump can do almost anything." In fact, one person today said "Anything".
And they interviewed a woman, I saw her last night on television sitting in a hotel room, which was not the most beautiful room I've ever been. It was very clean, and I only want clean. I don't care about the room. I want clean.
But they were sitting there and they said to a woman  a wonderful woman, probably 55 years old, and her friends were there. And they said, "What would it take to get you to vote for somebody other than Donald Trump?" She said, "Don't play that game. There's nothing he can do that would get me to vote against him." And I wanted to go up and I wanted to hug that television set.
I wanted to  I wish I could find out who she is. But we have so many people like that. We're all like that. I mean, a big chunk of the country is like that because we're tired of stupidity. We're tired of seeing what's happening to our great country.
So, here's the deal. You're going to go home and you're going to remember this.
But much more importantly, tomorrow, you get everybody you can and I promise you. You're going to be so proud of your country. You're going to go out and vote. You're going to be so proud of your president. But forget that. You're going to be so proud of this country again.
And you're going to remember the evening because we're going to start winning again. We're going to win on trade. We're going to win with our military. We're going to knock out the ISIS.
We're going to win. We are going to win with the military. We're going to knock out ISIS. We're going to knock them out.
We're going to win for our vets because our vets have been treated too badly. It's not going to happen anymore.
We're going to win at the border. We're going to win with education.
We're going to win with our Second Amendment. So many people talk to me about the Second Amendment.
We're going to win at every single element of what we're doing. And every single thing we're going to win, win, win.
And you're going to say, "That was the single greatest vote that I have ever cast", and you're going to look back and you're going to be proud of yourselves and you're going to be proud of your country again.
So thank you very much everybody. This is a great, great honor. Thank you!
Get out and vote! I love you all! Thank you! Thank you very much! Thank you!

Thank you. I feel so badly. Outside we have 5,000 people and they can't get in. I feel badly. I want to apologize. We have speakers outside. But I want to apologize. Who would have thought we have over 5,000 people cannot get in.
...It's an honor to be here. It's an honor to be with you. And very important. You know, we're doing really well and millions of votes ahead of Cruz. Millions.
You know, I get a kick. I call him Lyin' Ted. Lyin' Ted Cruz. He stands up  and I win as you know, you've seen it. I have been winning all of the evangelical vote. But he stands up Bible high, puts it down and then he lies. You know, it's amazing to watch it.
But he said, "Yeah, I'm the only one who can beat Donald Trump. I've done it time after time."
And I said, "Wait a minute. I've won like most of the states."
I think he had like 5 or 6 and I had 20 or 22. Right?
And I said I can't believe it. And I have millions of votes more.
He says, "I'm the only one that can out-vote him." And I'm saying but I have like millions of votes more.
I'll tell you something so important. There is something happening. It's like a movement. It's incredible. It's a movement. And we're part of the movement.
Not me. I'm a messenger to be honest. I'm a messenger.
And this is something that's so special and so amazing and it's on the cover of time magazine. It's on the cover of every newspaper. It's something that has maybe never happened and they're saying it's phenomenon.
Sometimes they say I'm a phenomenon. I'm not. The message is what we want.
We want jobs. We want trade deals that are smart deals not stupid deals.
And you know, Wisconsin. I wrote down some notes...and it's like devastating.
So [Scott] Walker came out today. I wrote down notes about Wisconsin.
Look, he certainly can't endorse me after what I did to him in the race. Right?
But look at this. By the summer of 2015, Wisconsin was facing a $2.2 billion two-year budget deficit. That's terrible.
By the way, these are out of books. Like this isn't Trump. This is out of books.
Total state debt is $45 billion. Now, maybe somebody is going to tell me that's wrong but again these are  $45 billion. Very high. One of the higher ones.
20,000 fewer people in the labor force in Wisconsin than seven years ago even though population has grown by 100,000. So your population is higher.
Now, I wouldn't have done this but he endorsed Cruz. What am I going to do? Am I going to say he's doing a great job? He's not doing a great job.
You know, he comes in with his big motorcycle jacket and big Harley. I love Harleys. Right? But the motorcycle guys like Trump. They really like Trump.
And he doesn't look like a motorcycle guy to me. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Unemployment rate  well, they say  that can't be possible. Unemployment  they have down 20%. That can't be possible. What? Is it 20%? Effective or regular? Effective unemployment rate 20%. Hey, this is out of the big book.
800,000 food stamp recipients.
Middle class hit very, very hard due to loss of manufacturing jobs. These are the stats. Right? You know about this, right?
It goes on and on.
Wisconsin has lost 15,000 net jobs to Mexico since NAFTA.
Now, just so you understand, Kasich is running also. We forget about him. He voted for NAFTA.
Both of them want TPP. TPP  Trans-Pacific Partnership. Both of them want Trans-Pacific. That will make NAFTA look like a baby, and Wisconsin will be hit so hard.
...

...But the motorcycle guys love Trump.
I love the disabled veterans and the veterans. We're going to take care of our veterans. You know that, right? We're going to take care of our veterans.
What is it about Trump that they like?
I'm serious. We went to Hilton Head. We went to different places, and there were hundreds, hundreds of bikers out there. Beautiful bikes. Lots of Harleys, right? Lots of Harleys. Made in America. But beautiful, beautiful bikes...
I don't know what it is but they like me. I feel good with them. I feel safe. I got out took a picture. Secret Service went crazy.
I said, "These are great people. Don't worry about it."
But listen, I appreciate it, fellas, I appreciate it.
...We're going to keep you free. I'm going to keep you free.
Because we're getting rid of ISIS.
We're going to have good borders. We're going to have borders again. We're going to have borders again.
So here we have something that's pretty interesting  I love you too.
You lost 70,000 jobs to China. 70,000 jobs.
100,000 illegal immigrants living in Wisconsin. Taxpayers are paying tens of millions of dollars.
Look, I don't know. I don't know.
So what happened with Walker and I just will finish off with this  he's a nice man. He came up to my office like about a year ago before I did  you know, I've been a politician for about eight months, right? I never thought I'd be a politician. The last thing on my mind I want to be was a politician.
But I built a great company. I filed papers. The company is incredible. Very little debt, tremendous cash flow, some of the great assets in the world.
And I say that not in a bragging way. I say that because that's the kind of thinking we need, folks.
We can't have China ripping us off and Mexico and Japan and Vietnam. We can't have it. We can't have it. And they are ripping us like they've never ripped anybody before.
We've rebuilt China. I mean, we're rebuilding Mexico.
You look the other day you saw Carrier moving down. Carrier Air Conditioning. I buy those air conditioners  a lot of them. I'm not buying any more of them. But Carrier Air Conditioning moving to Mexico. Ford moving to Mexico.
Nabsico  home of the formerly wonderful Oreo which we don't eat anymore. Right? We don't eat it. We don't eat it. Number one, it's a good  it's called an enforced diet.
But you know what? Look, we're losing our jobs. Look at your jobs.
When I see that statistic, I mean you're losing your jobs.
When I went after your governor when he decided to run and I said, "You know, I'm going to be nice to him. He's a nice guy." The guy came up to my office. He handed me a plaque because I supported him. What do I know? I supported him. I gave $50,000 or $100,000. That's a lot of money for a guy you've never met before. Right? That's pretty good.
But I like the fact that he was fighting, fighting, he was always fighting.
You know, to a certain extent, I'd rather see somebody able to make a deal without having to go through all of that mess.
But he was fighting and I gave him a lot of money and he came up, you know, a year ago or so and he gave me a plaque. Beautiful picture of something. I haven't  I never really got to read it to be honest. And I put it aside. That was it...
Because if we win Wisconsin, it's going to be like over, pretty much over. Because we're going to do great.
...Emerson poll came out. I think I have 67%, 68% in New York compared to like 10% or whatever, and you have Cruz talk about New York values, New Yorkers are no good.
I watched New Yorkers rebuild the World Trade Center. I watched New Yorkers dying.
Believe me, New Yorkers are good. New Yorkers are very good. But Cruz said they're no good.
So anyways, so I think we're going to do great in New York.
We're going to do great in New Jersey. Chris Christie endorsed me. We'll do great in New Jersey. Good guy.
Ben Carson endorsed me. Sarah Palin endorsed me. Sheriff Joe from Arizona. We love Sheriff Joe.
And you know, with the evangelicals, I've had so many ministers. I've had so many pastors endorse me. And Jerry Falwell, Jr. endorsed me. It was incredible and we've done so well with the evangelicals. I mean, Christians, evangelicals, we've done so well.
In fact, in South Carolina, when we went to South Carolina, that was going to be Cruz's territory. He was going take it, except we won it in a landslide.

You know that. You saw it. He was there. This guy follows me around, I'll tell you.
But you were there. Remember, he was going to win that in a landslide. And then I started speaking. I started talking to people, and I started saying the good and the bad and the ugly.
And we won in a landslide and we won the evangelicals. I've won just about I think almost every place I've won with evangelicals.
And it's been an amazing time.
So now I'm here to talk to the people of Wisconsin. I have friends in Wisconsin. I've been here before. It's an incredible place but it's a place that has problems.
But you have a governor that has you convinced that it doesn't have a problem.
I remember when he was on the campaign trail, I was so nice to him. I said, "How can I hit him? I'm not going to hit him. I'm not going to hit him."
And I was so nice. I hit Jeb instead, right? Right?
And I hit Rand, Rand, old Rand.
And I hit a lot of people and they all went down.
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president that could just with his mouth make things happen that are positive? You know.
But it's not with the mouth. It's really with the mouth, the heart, and the brain. Remember the brain.
I have a lot of friends. They're good with the mouth but they're not good with the brain. It all doesn't work. Okay?
You know, we had an interesting thing today. A poll came out  a nationwide poll. A great poll. It was Trump 48%. It was an NBC poll. Trump 48%. Cruz was second in the 20s, mid-20s something. And Kasich was way down.
So what happened is they showed the poll. It was an NBC poll. They call it an NBC monkey poll. And it was on the Today Show, and it was on Morning Joe. Morning Joe held it up and he said, "Wow, those are great numbers."
48% is pretty good. You have three people. You know. I don't get enough credit for that.
I've been at 42%, 44%, 45%, and I've had like seven people. How do you get 45% when you have seven people? Nobody says that. They say, "He hasn't cracked 50%." How do you crack 50% when you have all these people running?
So I'm at 48%. Poll was good  way, way ahead of anybody else nationwide. And they showed Hillary Clinton  hers is very close.
She's got a little problem. Could happen. Got a bigger problem with the emails than she has with Bernie to be honest with you. She should have. Her bigger problem should be with emails. We'll find out how honest our country is, right?
But she's got a sort of close race. And they put her poll up and it was put up there. You know, big letters.
And then they said, "And Donald Trump is winning." That was it. They didn't put numbers up. They didn't say I'm doing great. In fact, they said, "Donald Trump is winning," and they put some  a little slightly negative statistic in  it was like wait a minute. They put her numbers up and they didn't put my numbers up.
Folks, it's so unfair. The press is so dishonest. It's unbelievable. That was Chuck Todd. That was Chuck Todd this morning on the Today Show.
They put Hillary's numbers. And I'm winning by a lot and they said, "Donald Trump is winning. You know, let's go to a new subject, okay?"
Now, I guarantee you one thing. If I was losing or doing poorly, it'll still be up. It'll be up all morning because they don't like what's happening. I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money. They don't like it.
Ted Cruz and Kasich are getting money from the banking industries, the energy industries. They're getting money from the pharmaceutical companies. They're getting money from everybody.
Folks, you can't straighten out this mess  we're in a mess  if you can't do what you have to do.
When millions of dollars are given to Cruz and Kasich and millions from different industries, you're not going to be able to say, "Well, we're going to do and go against the banking industry to do what's right for the people" if the banking industry gave you millions of dollars. Now, that's true with Hillary also. Now, she's gotten millions of dollars.
But I'm the only one self-funding my campaign. I'm in for a lot of money. I in a lot of money.
What is beautiful is when I was running against Jeb in New Hampshire. I was in for like $2 million. Jeb was in for like $48 million. I was in first and he was close to last.
I said, "Who do you want as your president?"
By the way, did Jeb endorse anybody yet? Because I haven't heard. Because I think Jeb probably endorsed  huh? Did he endorse? It just shows you how important it is. Nobody even knows. I don't even know.
He'll probably  he'll endorse  just so you know. Look, when you're in war, you've got to fight and you fight hard.
When I fight, I win. You're going to win. You know that. You're going to win.

But you know, you do pretty serious damage, right? Because you want to win and you want to win fast and a lot of people don't love you after you finish.
But I just love you. I don't care about that.
In fact, they're asking Cruz, you know, at the debate which by the way they said I won every single debate. Now I heard the other night, "I want to debate Trump". I've debated him 11 or 12 times. Every single online poll has me winning the debates. He's an okay debater but he's a bad talker. You know, everything's so dramatic.
And he waits. Phony. And he waits. You know, you ever see he goes sentence after sentence and then he stops for like three, four seconds. And then he goes again. It looks like we're in the theater. We're not in the theater. We're in the real world.
So what happens  thank you.
...By the way, the Sheriff is here and he's a great guy and his people are fantastic. Thank you, Sheriff. Thank you.
I mean, the only thing I feel so guilty about all the people outside. Feel so guilty. We're going to come back. We're going to come back, come back to this area. You guys cannot come. Okay? All of the ladies can come but the guys can't.
But all of the people outside, we're going to take a bigger place because I feel slightly guilty.
But look, we have a very serious mess on our hands. We have a very serious situation.
We have a country that's not protected.
We have a country that's sitting on a big fat bubble that's going to explode. In a certain way, I'd say let it do now, don't do it after I get in. Three days it'll explode and they'll say it's Trump's fault. Okay?
Ayeyeye, we are in a big fat ugly bubble. We have interest rates that are so low that if you're rich like me I can borrow money for any amount. If you're a hardworking guy with a great farm or you're a hardworking developer or businessman you can't borrow money.
You can only borrow money really cheaply  think of how bad it is  you can borrow money for nothing practically if you're rich. But if you're rich, you don't need the money so you don't have to borrow it.
But if you're a businessperson and you want to go to the bank for a loan, you can't get it.
The regulators are running the banks. Dodd-Frank is a disaster, by the way. It's a disaster. It's a disaster.
But the biggest disasters are regulations. Our rules and regulations are horrible. We're going to get rid of probably 85% of them. There are some we live with. But we've got to go back.
So many people in this area have told me regulations  regulatory climate  is the worst they've ever seen.
I have a friend, who's a farmer, and if a puddle forms, they consider it a lake for the purposes of environmental. It's like a puddle and they'd consider it a lake.
So we don't know what we're doing. So here's what's happening. We're going to make our country so great again. We're going to make our country so strong again.
Our military is going to be so amazing. We're never going to have to use it.
Don't forget, I didn't want to go into Iraq. All these guys think that I'm a tough guy so I'm going to be so quick with the trigger. I'm not going to be quick.
I was the slowest with the trigger. I didn't want the trigger.
Now, when Obama left though, he shouldn't have left the way he did. He gave a certain date, and the enemy said, "It can't be possible. Nobody would be that stupid. Nobody."
So I actually don't think it'd hurt that much because I don't think the enemy would ever believe that anybody would be stupid enough to give a date  "We're leaving on this date." And then he left. They said, "He was serious!" They pulled back. They pulled back. Then you see what happened. They pulled back then they went in with fury.
But how about the 50 soldiers. He sent a couple of months ago, a few months ago, he sent 50 of our finest and instead of just sending them quietly, quietly sending them. What does he do? He sends them in and he makes a big press conference or announcement that "We are sending 50 soldiers in Iraq, Syria" and these soldiers have a big target on their backs.
Why can't we just keep our mouths shut? Why can't we be unpredictable? Unpredictable? Right? Why can't we be unpredictable?
Why does he have to tell  first of all, it doesn't even sound good when you say "50 soldiers" because it sounds like so small. People would say, "Is that good or bad?" I mean, that sounds small.
But then when you think about it, why do we have to say that?
These are extraordinary people. These are our finest. And they're, you know, very dangerous missions. Why would you tell people that we're sending them in? You just keep quiet and let them accomplish something.

They are right now  who knows what's happened to them? But right now, they have a big target on their back.
People that we've let go of at Gitmo have now killed Americans. You've seen that. You saw that yesterday. That came out yesterday. We let people go out of Gitmo and they kill Americans. Okay. Is anybody surprised at that though? Would anybody be surprised?
And we're keeping it open. Now they're spending, you know, hundreds of millions to run it. I guarantee you could run it a lot cheaper. You'd have a lot of money left over.
So we're going to get efficiency in government. But we're going to end Obamacare. We're going to replace it with something so much better and so much less expensive.
We're going to get rid of Common Core. We're going to bring our education local.
We are going to preserve our Second Amendment. It's under siege. It's totally under siege.
And Christianity is under siege. I'll tell you, Christianity is under siege.
You take a look. I'm with the  I'll tell you what. I've been with so many pastors lately and Jerry Falwell Jr. was an example  was telling me that  first of all, he told me something that "You remind me so much of my father." I thought his father was a great guy. What his father did with Liberty College and Liberty University. And Jerry to top it off has taken it to a whole new place.
But when Jerry was so strong and so great.
But I was talking to  I probably had 50 of the ministers and pastors, different folks came up to my office, and they're really under tremendous pressure because they don't want to have their tax exempt status taken away. This happened during the Lyndon Johnson presidency.
And I said, "Why is it that you folks are pushed around so much?" Christianity. These are the pastors. These are strong people. These are really strong people. "Why do you allow that? Why aren't you more forceful?"
And finally, somebody said, "Well, we have to be a little careful of our tax exempt status."
I said when did that happen exactly? It was during the Johnson.
Well, we're going to try to get rid of that. Okay? Because that's really terrible.
We're going to try getting rid of  and I've said that to a lot of evangelicals, a lot of great Christians. We're going to try to get rid of it because it sort of means somebody walking down the street has more power than somebody of religion, of our religion, of Christianity, somebody that's an evangelical.
You take anybody they have more power because these people are powerless.
They've actually taken their right of free speech away.
So I said we're going to try to get rid of that and I think we'll be very, very successful.
You know, it's interesting. I said how many Christians are there? Because you know, we've got men, we've got women. You cut it in half, we've actually have a few more women. But we are far more Christians than we have men or women. So in a way, it's the most powerful lobbyist  the biggest group of people.
But they're not allowed to talk because they're petrified.
You saw what was happening with the IRS and what was taking place with regard to certain groups.
So we are going to try and usually when I say try that means I'm going to get it done. That means I'm going to get it done.
But we are going to try very hard. We are going to get that brought back and I think it's going to be very hard to counter it.
Because if the Christians, and if the whole evangelical Christian sector gets together, nobody, nobody can beat 
You know, when I made the statement about banning Muslims on a temporary basis, I took such heat.
Now people are saying, "You know, Trump is sort of right about that." Now they're all going, "Wow" because they see what's happening.
And I think if I would have said it about Christians, I think I would have had less opposition. That's what's happened in this country. That's what's happened in our country.
And we can't let it happen. We're going to turn this country around and we're going to be the smart people. We're not going to be the dummies anymore.
We're not going to be where China made last year trade deficits $505 billion. Japan over $100 billion. Mexico $58 billion.
We're going to build a wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Okay?
...Recently, I was in Florida and Marco, who's a nice guy actually. You notice how nice they are after you've defeated them?
I like everybody I defeat.
But when I ran against Marco, it was supposed to be...well, he started it. Right? Just like Cruz started the last deal. He started it.
But Marco came after me very viciously. You know he wanted to be Don Rickles, right? And it didn't work.
But what happened is I won by 20 points  almost 20 points  and a lot of these issue we were talking about it was big issues. And frankly, I wish I would have left about two days earlier. I wanted to stay in Florida campaign. I wish I would have devoted two more days to Ohio because I almost won in Ohio. I would have won in Ohio but I didn't want to take a chance leaving my beautiful Florida because I love Florida and I wanted to win that.

So if I would have left a couple of days early, I think I would have won Florida the same.
But I'm not going to have anything happen in Wisconsin. We have to win.
If we  look, we have to put these politicians in their place, folks. It's time.
And believe me, you know, Cruz likes to pretend he's an outsider and in the meantime he gets all the establishment support, including your governor.
So believe me, believe me, they're all establishment.
And frankly in a way it's worse because Cruz is establishment and yet he's got no relationship with the establishment.
He goes and he stands on the floor of the Senate for a day and a half and he filibusters, and these Senators  look, I know. They're tough cookies. I have the best  I have one of the great people  Sen. Jeff Sessions, who's great.
Nobody better than Jeff.
And you know, Cruz thought he was going to have him and used him in his speech  "Sen. Jeff Sessions"  and then he comes out and he endorses me.
But when you think of it, look, out of all of these Senators, he has one supporter  Lee  who's his friend. I mean, he's his friend. And by the way took him plenty time to do it.
But you know, to stand there and to rant and rave for two days to show people you can filibuster, in the meantime, nothing was accomplished.
Cruz has not accomplished one thing.
So he's an insider but it's almost like the man on the street because he can't get anything done.
He dislikes people. He calls people like for instance he said horrible things about the Speaker and you know about the Speaker and he said about separately Mitch McConnell.
I mean, he said some terrible things about  how do you get things done when you're calling Mitch McConnell bad names. Okay? Let's just say bad names.
So he's sort of got the worst of all elements. He's an insider totally but he can get nothing done. Okay? He can get nothing done.
Your new Speaker  how do you like Paul Ryan? How do you like him?
Wow. I was told be nice to Paul Ryan because  really?
Well, he's the Speaker. He's a nice guy. He called me the other day. He was very nice.
But I'm very surprised at this statement. Wow. Are you all Republicans? Are you mostly conservatives?
...I always say I'm just a common sense conservative. And so, so important  common sense.
And somebody told me today that somebody else  I think, Walker  used my term.
You know, Walker used  I said, "Make America great again." I said, "Make America great again", and I copyrighted the term.
And then Walker was making a speech many months ago when he first started and he was saying "Make America great again" because he saw the response that I got. The difference is he didn't get any response. So then no.
But we told him he can't do that. That was the first real problem I had with him...
Now, I said a common sense conservative and today I heard he used the term because the press was up and they interviewed me and they said he said he's a common sense conservative.
Well, I coined the phrase a few months ago. That's what I am. I am a conservative.
I'm very, very conservative on the military. I'm very conservative with our vets and on health care and on lots of things.
But  and I'm actually very conservative on trade but a lot of people would say "He's not that conservative on trade because he doesn't believe in free trade." Well, actually I do believe in free trade. But it's got to be good trade for us, right? It's got to be smart trade.
It can't be where Wisconsin is losing thousands and thousands of jobs where you folks can't get into China but China comes in here like it's Swiss cheese. That's what happens.
You know, China does not obey the rules.
Now, I get along great with China. I made a fortune dealing with China. I have two buildings because of China. Big ones in New York and one in San Francisco  Bank of America  that I have in partnership with a great company. And it's because of China. I sell  I have one of the big leases with one of their big banks  with the biggest bank in the world actually from China.
I sell millions of millions of condos to people from China. I like China.
I'm not angry China. I like them. I think their leaders are doing a great job for them.
But our leaders are doing a bad job for us.
Same with Mexico. I get along great. The Hispanics. I love the Hispanics. I love the Hispanics. But their leaders are killing us on the border and they're killing us on trade.
And I'm not angry at them. I'm angry at our country and our leadership because it's grossly incompetent and we're going to change it around and we're going to get the best and we're going to get the finest.

...So whatever you can do to spread the world, I'll be around. I'm going to Green Bay. I love their team, by the way. You talk about a great franchise. No, I love it.
And you have a truly great quarterback. I don't know. He's probably endorsing somebody else but I don't care. He's still a great quarterback.
Tom Brady's a friend of mine. He said you have a great quarterback. That's all right with me. When Tom says he's a great quarterback that's pretty good.
But you know, I really want to win Wisconsin because if we could win Wisconsin, we're going to put all of this stupidity away.
We're going to put these stupid, stupid people that allow and I'm talking about basically politicians, and in many cases, you know a lot of times people will see deals that are done and I mean take a look at the Iran deal. How bad is that I mean, just as a deal...
But many times people will say deals that the country makes, and they'll say, "How can our politicians be so stupid?" They're not stupid. They're being hit by the lobbyists and the special interests and they make a fortune. Okay? They get tremendous campaign contributions. They're not stupid. They're doing it for themselves.
So again, I'm not doing that. I'm doing for you. I'm working for you.
But just remember, they're not so stupid like you think.
But when you look at the people funding Cruz's campaign and Kasich's campaign, and you look  don't forget  Cruz said, "Oh the banks, the banks." You know, he's going to be Robin Hood. He's going to be this great guy.
And then in her personal financial disclosure form, he forgot to mention that he borrowed about a million dollars from the banks  Citibank and Goldman Sachs. He borrowed a million dollars at an interest rate that everybody in this room would be proud to have  a very low interest rate. Almost no interest. He forgot to announce it on his personal financial disclosure form. He just forgot. He said, "Oh, I forgot. I forgot."
Okay? So then he hits the banks. He's controlled by these people, folks. Okay? I mean, what he did was absolutely wrong. But they're controlled by these people.
I'm controlled by you. I'm going to do the right thing for you. Okay? So remember that.
...
Q&A

22 veterans a day commit suicide. That's correct.

We're going to take care of our veterans so much. Look, let me tell you, they  many of them kill themselves waiting for a doctor. They can't even get to see the doctor. You know that. They end up killing themselves before they see the doctor.
22 a day and a lot of people don't even believe that number. They think it's almost like an impossible number  how can it be so bad?  and it actually could be even worse than that.
We are going to take care of them. From their standpoint, they wait, they wait, then they get bad service, then they wait some more  six, seven, eight days.
And sometimes they'll see the doctor and the doctor says, "I can't see you now. I'm going on vacation."
You see the corruptness.
I just left Phoenix  21,000 people. Sheriff Joe was there. The job he did was incredible. Incredible.
You know they had a little protest. Right? That protest ended so quickly. He arrested three people; everyone else scattered.
You know, and you have that kind of a Sheriff here. You have a tough cookie here. I can tell you. I just met him and I can tell you.
But you know I have a great policy plan and I've gotten a lot of credit for it and it's on DonaldJTrump.com. And with the veterans when they're waiting for exorbitant time  even for a little time  they're going to go to the doctor. They're going to go to local doctors or local hospitals.
Many of the hospitals are dying for business. You know that they're dying. Some of these hospitals are dying. They're going to get immediate treatment, immediate service, we're going to pay the bills, and we're going to save a fortune, and they're going to get great service.
And everybody is in love with it. Everybody loves it. And that's what's going to happen. So we're going to take care of our veterans.
If we can't take care of our veterans, we can't take care of anyone. So we're going to take care of our vets.

Boy, do you look good though. You look good and tough. I wouldn't want to fight you.
Do you think I can take you in a fight? I don't think so.
How about we do it right now? That would be great for television...
Go ahead.

...Let me tell you this. Our veterans are taken worse care of than illegal immigrants who come in our country...You don't even have to write it down. We're going to do things about it.
You know what you're saying? I've heard this so many times before with the daycare and everything else. We are going to take care of our vets.

By the ways, speaking of increase, Cruz and Kasich want to destroy your Social Security, folks, okay?
I want to bring money back into this country. I want to bring jobs into this country. I want to bring tremendous wealth into this country. I want to take our wealth back from China, from Mexico, from all of these countries that have our wealth. They've taken them like we're a bunch of babies.
And we're going to save your Social Security and we're going to save your Medicare. They want to get rid of it. Okay? Remember that.
...
I want to use not too many executive orders folks. You know, because executive orders came about more recently. Nobody ever heard of an executive order.
Then all of a sudden Obama, because he couldn't get anybody to agree with him and he start signing them like they're butter.
So I want to do away with executive orders for the most part.
But look, just do me a favor. Stick with me. You're going to be okay. All right?
...I know, what you've said I've heard a hundred times and daycare is a huge problem. Huge problem. And your wife not working? Huge problem  she can't. So anyway, I bet you have a great wife. Good wife? Better believe it.

...We're ending Common Core. You're not going to be educated  your kids in Wisconsin are no longer going to be educated in Washington, D.C. by bureaucrats  many of whom  I can't say all  but many of whom don't care for your kids. They couldn't care less. They get big, fat salaries. Your kids are going to be educated locally.
We're terminating Common Core, and you will see something that's magic. And I've seen it where parents and all of these people  the uncles, the aunts  they're all on the school boards. They get professionals. They have great principals.
You can't see what's going on from Washington, D.C. Many of the people never even come here. They sit behind their desk in Washington. They draw big salaries. And they're telling you how to educate their kids. Not going to happen that way.
And I've even seen it where they keep graduates  the child graduates and those parents stay on. They love it because their child went through the system. They love it and they become so good at it. That's what's going to happen.
We're one of the worst in the world in education. We're going to be one of the better ones. Not necessarily  you know, I don't know that we're going to beat Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and China. But we're going to come very close.

Discipline in schools. I don't think that Wisconsin should have a big problem with discipline. You have a big problem with discipline?
...Well, we have to get discipline back in the country, forget about school. We have to get discipline 
I mean, I have a case. I have a wonderful guy  campaign manager. You talk about discipline. And you probably saw what happened today with my campaign manager. He's a good guy. Corey [Lewandowski].
And by the way, the easiest thing  "Corey, you're fired." I can't do that. Can't do it.
So fortunately, I have a taping system. You know, very  I'm rich so I have tapes all over.
So this young woman who complained, was all  she was talking about being maybe thrown to the floor and all this. I said, "Oh, that's horrible." And then we saw the tapes.
Did anybody see the tape? What did you think? Right? Nothing.
Women  what did you think? [Audience response inaudible]...
I mean, she wasn't like  her face stayed the same.
If somebody squeezed your arm or did something really bad  don't forget  initially she said thrown to the floor. But if somebody squeezed your arm or hurt you, wouldn't you start screaming or something?
Did you see any change in her face? [Audience response inaudible]
...It's horrible. It's horrible. Honestly, it's horrible.
And the best thing I could do is say  but I can't destroy a man. I'd destroy him. Got a beautiful wife and children and I'm not going to destroy a man for that.
And you know what? When I saw that at the tape, at first I said, "Oh, this is terrible." Then I saw the tape. It's my tape. I'm the one that had the tape. It's on the ceiling of this incredible club in Jupiter, Florida, and we're all leaving and we have a press conference. Right?
And the press conference lasted a long time. It was like 45 minutes. So that was enough.
I'm leaving with a whole big gang of people. People pushing left and right, left and right.
And all of a sudden, she bolts into the picture. She grabs me or hits me on the arm. In fact, I'm like this with my arm up and then he goes by and maybe he touched her a little bit. But I didn't  it was almost like he was trying to keep her off me. Right?
[Audience response inaudible]
Like he was helping her. And did you see her fall to the ground?
[Audience response inaudible]
Okay, because she talked about falling to  now after, I must tell you, her statement changed big league because she said go to the ground. You know, all this. I could read it to you. Does anybody want to hear it?
I mean, I want to be accurate because I'd like the press to treat me.
So before she knew she was on tape, she said "I was jolted backwards."
Was she jolted backwards? I mean, if she was, her face stayed the same. I mean.
"I was jolted backwards. Someone grabbed me tightly by the arm and yanked me me down. Campaign managers aren't supposed to forcefully throw reporters to the ground, except she never went to the ground. She never even came  flinched.
She didn't  you know, if somebody grabbed you even one of the guys, even the bikers, if somebody grabs even a biker or punches you a little bit, you're "Whoa!" Right? I mean, the toughest guy, the toughest woman. Look at her face. It's zero.
They're going to destroy a man's life?
And then I have Cruz saying, "Oh, that was a terrible thing. That was a terrible thing."
Let me tell you something, folks. If I win, if I lose, I didn't need to do this. I'm doing this because I just had a beautiful grandchild with Ivanka. Ivanka and Jared  beautiful, beautiful grandchild. It's my eighth. I'm doing this all for them.
I didn't need to do this. This is not so easy. And I had no idea. You know, maybe none of us did. You know, I had no idea the message was going to get across. It's a message of competence. It really is. It's a message of common sense and it's a message of competence.
And I had no idea that we'd have millions of more votes than we had when we had that stiff Mitt Romney  a total stiff  who by the way he's a dope. He's not a smart person. I'll tell you right now.
Let me tell you about Mitt Romney. That was an election he should have won and he lost. And he should just go away and let the big boys do it now because you know what? That's an election that should have been won.
And I'll tell you what. I helped John McCain and at that time, honestly, that was a tough deal for him because the world was sort of collapsing. But he lost.
And I helped Mitt Romney a lot and he lost. And I said, "This time, we're going to do it ourselves. We're going to win. We're going to win." So just remember that.
We're going to win because of Wisconsin, I hope...

Right! She's so smart. I don't want them to know. I don't want to tell Putin what I'm thinking. She's so smart.
What you just said...what about Ukraine? Don't worry about Ukraine. Ukraine is going to be fine. Just don't ask me why.
You know, this world of politics  "Mr. Trump, you said -" don't forget I'm the one that said take the oil. I was right. They didn't take the oil. You know who has the oil right now? ISIS has the oil.
You know, that Libya  ISIS has all that oil from Gaddafi, all of that big oil from Gaddafi. He took it. We're like a bunch of dummies.
Why aren't we embargoing? Why aren't we creating a nice big circle so they can't get the oil out? Why aren't we taking that oil back?
Look, look, look, I'm the one that says though I don't want to say everything.
If I win, I have a good chance of winning. I'm the frontrunner by a lot. I want to go in there. I want to knock the hell out of ISIS. I don't want to tell all. I really mean this.
I don't want to tell everybody in this room  and look at all the cameras that are going now  I don't want to tell the world what I'm going to do because they're watching.
Just let me do it folks. I will do it. You would be so happy. You don't have to know the details. Okay? Let me do it.
You know, I used the word before. We have to be a little bit unpredictable. We can't say, "Well, we're going and attack on March 14th and then we're going to hit them from the front and then we're going to hit them from the back."
You know, Obama did that eight months ago with one of the cities. He said, "We're going in next week."
Look, folks, folks, folks, you know, you have to trust  there has to be some trust. Right? Do you trust?
We've got to stop the stupid. That's why I really think your question is so great  "I don't want to hear how you're going to do it, Mr. Trump. Just do it." I'll do it. Okay?
I love that. That woman! That woman! Thank you, honey. Thank you.

Okay. I can see why.
Woman:
Thank you. You have been  I just want to say thank you. You saved me in so many ways.
In recent years, I've been struggling with an incurable illness and I'm on home care now. It's caused by a doctor's medical negligence.
And in those dark days fighting  right now all the tubes have been removed and I have a Do Not Resuscitate Order and I have a seven-year-old son  in those days in the hospital, I received from you a handwritten letter that said, "To the bravest woman I know."

I remember that. I remember that. Such a wonderful, beautiful woman. I mean, just an amazing woman.
And are you coming along okay?
Woman:
No, sir. But that's okay because I'm here right now to thank you in person and that was my biggest dream.
And I wanted to thank you because through you and your organizations, my son who's Mexican-American, seven-years-old, through your organization and just being able to stand on that stage with you back in 2005 the outpouring of love that can from that ultimately provided my son when he graduates high school with a full ride to college.

That's great. And you know what we'll do? We're going to watch him. You're going to watch him. We're going to be watching your boy. Okay? But you're going to be hopefully around. You're not going to have to have anybody watching. You're going to hopefully be around. Those doctors are going to be so wrong. But we'll be helping you.
Woman:
So we thank you. God bless you. And just, you know, he's a Mexican-American, and you because of your efforts have sent him to college. And I have been writing letters to him for when I'm in heaven to tell him that what you've done for him now he has a great responsibility to pay it forward just as you have done for us.

That's so nice. Thank you.
I have to go down and say hello. Is that okay?

...Very sad but I think it's going to be really a story of hope and something that is really great is going to happen out of that. You watch.
But it sort of tells me when I first said this people would say, "Oh, it will cost a lot." Forgetting about the campaign. That's peanuts by comparison. You know, I've spent tens of millions of dollars.
But the big thing  I lost certain businesses and I owned the Miss Universe Pageant. I bought it very inexpensively many years ago  15 years ago  and because of the fact that they thought I was against this woman or that one, I had a hard time with television.
Now, the good news is I sold it for a wonderful  I was very happy with that. But I didn't want to sell it. But I sold it and I built it to really a great company. We did a great job with that company  Miss Universe, Miss USA, Miss Teen USA.
But other businesses  I sort of  like the shirts and the ties with Macy's. Macy's was unbelievably disloyal because of illegal immigration and they ended the shirts, ties. Who care? I mean, that's not a big deal.
But I'm doing something  nobody is giving up what I'm giving.
I mean, when Cruz runs, he runs. If he wins, great. If he loses, great. You know, it's him. He's a politician. They just  they run, they win, they lose, who knows?
But these guys run for office. That's all they do.
I've always heard that if you're a very successful person, you can't run for office, especially for president. You just can't run for president, and I can see it. I have so much false press about me. Things that are so false.
You know, I saw the other day on television, there were like 56,000 negative ads on me. 56,000.
In fact, in Florida, I own Doral and in Florida we had the tournament there two weeks. Adam Scott  the great Adam Scott  the great golfer. He was winning. And in between shots, I told you this after the victory speech, in between they have commercials and they were all about Trump. Negative, horrible, negative commercials. Mostly false. Mostly. Not all false. But mostly false, I have to be honest.
But it came out the other day, I think it said "$68 million, 55,000 negative ads." Negative ads.
And when I was running in Florida, I said "How is it possible to win?" I mean, with all of this because I knew it. You couldn't turn on in Florida where I was you couldn't turn on the television without seeing Trump commercials. Sometimes four or five in a row. And they were horrendous. Done by very, very bad people. Very bad, evil people.
And I said, "How it is possible to win?"
And God helped me. Honestly. Because I won in a landslide. I won by almost 20%.
And now they're doing it here. Club for Growth. It's a crooked outfit.
Look, Club for Growth  you ever hear this? Club for Growth  a friend of mine, he's a conservative guy. He goes would you do me a favor? See Club for Growth. I said, "What's Club for Growth?" He said, "They want to talk to you." I said, "All right. Send them up." He's a friend. He's a good guy. And now I'm in politics so I have to see people I wouldn't normally...
So Club for Growth, they come up to my office. This guy was I think a former Congressman. And he tells me a little bit about Club for Growth and I'm falling asleep. And then he goes, "$1 million." And I said, "$1 million for what? I don't even know you. I've never met you." I said, "Do me a favor." I'm trying to be nice and I said, "Go back and write me a little note if you can." And he was stupid enough to write me a note.
He writes me a letter asking for $1 million. I let him know that I'm not interested. You could be rich. I'd rather take a million and throw it all over this room. I'd rather give it to you, to your boy.
...They write me a letter. It's like extortion. They asked me for a $1 million. I said no nicely. And then they're doing ads all over Wisconsin. Club for Growth. They did it all over Florida. Club for Growth. About eminent domain.
By the way, without eminent domain, you wouldn't have highways, you wouldn't have hospitals, you wouldn't have bridges. You need eminent domain. If something's in your way and you're building a highway, if you're producing 7,000 jobs and you need a little corner of someone's property, every once in a while.
You know, it's funny. These guys all want the Keystone Pipeline. Right? Everyone. Conservatives. Conservatives want the Keystone Pipeline. I like the Keystone Pipeline too. But they have a whole big thing on eminent domain in their prospectus because without eminent domain, they wouldn't go 15 feet. They wouldn't be able to build it.
So, they don't want eminent domain. They do commercials about eminent domain. They love the Keystone Pipeline, and the whole Keystone Pipeline is based around eminent domain because you've got to go from Canada, where Cruz was born, to Texas, where he's representing. Think of it.
This guy  and don't forget that. Remember what I said. I'm going to win. Just remember what I said. I'm going to win. And I thank you...
I'm going to win. But remember this. If for some reason he does, he gets the nomination, the first thing  remember, I'm a good prognosticator, I'm a good predictor  the first thing that's going to happen is the Democrats are going to sue Ted Cruz. He was born in Canada. He lived there for four years. The head of the Harvard Law School, one of the top people in the business in terms of Constitution, is saying that, you know, he's wrong. And we have a bunch of other people that are much stronger than even that.
Remember this. If Cruz gets lucky and wins, and the only way he can get lucky is if he doesn't get  because it's all establishment. You know, if I go into that whole mess of the convention, I'm not the establishment. I don't take their money. I don't hire their people. I don't do any of that stuff. Okay? So you have a disadvantage.
But if Cruz wins, remember what I said. Just remember. Again, he's not going to win. But if he does, he gets the nomination, within the first few days he will be sued by the Democrats that he doesn't have the right to be president. And I think they're right because he wasn't born on our soil. He wasn't born. He's not a natural born citizen. He's not a natural born citizen.
I don't like to make a big deal of this but it was just brought up by somebody. He is not a natural born citizen. So if for some reason he should get the nomination, I really believe you're wasting your time and boy do we have a problem because you're going to have somebody that's going to be sued, probably will lose the lawsuit.
Again, he was born there, lived there for four years, mother was there, the whole thing for a long period of time, and he was a Canadian citizen joint with U.S. until 14 or 15 months ago. Did anyone know that? So he was a senator from Texas, only because of the great Sarah Palin by the way, without Sarah Palin, he could have never won that election. It was a fluke. But he was a Senator from Texas. He lived  he was a joint citizen. Now, he finally gave up his citizenship to Canada like 16 months ago. He said, "Oh, I didn't know I was a citizen of Canada also." Just like he didn't know that Goldman Sachs and Citibank gave him money. I mean, this guy is  you just have to study him, folks.
Look, again, I'm doing this. We're going to win. We're going to turn this country around. We're going to make America great again. We're going to win a lot. But you have to know the facts.
I love you all. I love you all. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Get out there and vote! Thank you!

Thank you. Thank you! Thank you very much everybody. This was an amazing evening. This was a great evening.
They just announced North Carolina.
I don't know if they've even announced Illinois yet but we're leading by a lot so I think they're going to announce it.
Florida was so amazing.
And I want to thank our friends. Northern Marianas Islands have been so incredible, and we picked up nine delegates this morning. I heard very early in the morning  nine delegates. That's a lot.
And I just wanted to thank the governor, Ralph Torres, great guy, Chairman [James] Ada who was a fantastic man and that was a very nice start to the day. That I can tell you.
Many things have been happening over the last short period of time.
CNN was very nice. They came up with a poll. The poll said 49% to 14% and 15%.
We just had one from the Economist just came out  53%.
And it was sort of interesting because I was watching the news a little while ago and one of the commentators, who I'm not particularly fond of but these are minor details, said "But Donald Trump doesn't get over 50%" because I'm at 43%, 45%.
Actually now according to the Economist, I'm at 53%.
And I have to explain to these people they don't understand basic physics, basic mathematics, basic whatever you want to call it. When I don't get over 50%, we have four people. Right? We have four people. Do you understand that?
So when I get 53%  and this one is an example, I had 53% and that's with four people. That's an achievement just mathematically when you can get over 50%.
So someday, someday they're going to understand, someday when we take it all, they'll understand. But it is really ridiculous.
I want to thank my family. My boy, Eric and Don. They've been working so hard.
Ivanka and Jared have been amazing. Ivanka's home right now. In about two minutes, I'll call her. She's about to have a baby so I don't know. We've been thinking about that now for a little while but Ivanka has been so helpful and Jared has been amazing and it's been just great.
I want to thank Barron for putting up with the fact that I never see him anymore. And I want to thank Barron. I never see my Barron and it's his birthday on Sunday so we're very happy about that.
So it's a little tough. You know, we're going away and he goes, "When are you going to be come home, daddy? When are you coming home?" I said, "Well, in about two and a half weeks." It's been pretty tough.

You're traveling all over the place. It's really amazing. Yesterday I went up to Ohio. I went up to Youngstown.
We had an incredible crowd and just amazing people in this country. We have so, so many great people.
We will someday in the not so distant future if I win  otherwise it's not going to happen I have to be honest with you. But Apple and all of these great companies will be making their product in the United States, not in China, Vietnam and all of 
And we're not going to be losing our companies. You know, our companies are leaving our country rapidly, rapidly, whether it's Carrier air conditioning, whether it's Ford, whether it's Eaton.
I was in Cleveland and Eaton Corp. they're leaving and so many companies are leaving. And frankly, I'm disgusted with it and I'm tired of seeing it and there's no reason for it. It's just gross incompetence at the highest level. We should not allow it to happen. Pfizer, great company, pharmaceutical company, they're going to Ireland.
And there's so many more. You have corporate inversions. You have people who can't get their money back into the country because the politicians can't get along. They can't make a deal.
Everybody agrees  Democrat and Republican  everybody agrees the money should come back...trillion dollars outside of this country. Everybody agrees that the money should be here and the politicians for three years haven't been able to make a deal.
And we could make a deal. There's an example of something that you could do if I sat down with a few of the senators, a few of the congressmen, you could make a deal on that in 10 minutes if you know what you're doing because everybody wants to do it.
And companies are actually leaving our country to get their money, not only because our taxes are too high, which we're going to lower by the way. But companies are leaving our country in order to go and get money that's their money because there's no way of bringing it in.
So, we've got a long way to go. But I think at some point it's going to get done. This has been very exciting, this whole process.
We started, I was one of 17 people  senators, governors. I've had such great support. Dr. Ben Carson the other day endorsed us. Great guy. Great guy. Wonderful man. And Chris Christie endorsed us. That was so incredible.
And today Pam Bondi came up and endorsed us. She was great. She is a truly wonderful woman, of the job she's done in Florida is incredible.
You know, so many  we've had such incredible support. Paul Ryan called me the other day  tremendous call. I spoke with Mitch McConnell today. We had a great conversation.
The fact is we have to bring our party together. We have to bring it together.
We have something happening that actually makes the Republican Party probably the biggest political story anywhere in the world. Everybody's writing about it all over Europe, all over the world they're talking about it.
Millions of people are coming in to vote. This was an example of it today. Many, many more people. I'm looking at the polling booths. I'm looking at the different polling booths all around the country where it's up. And the lines are four, five, six blocks long. And the woman  one woman was there for 40 years. She's been working the polls. And she said, "We'd have two people here. We'd have three people. Now look at the line." And the line looked like it was, you know, long. It was really long. Five deep and long. And it's just a different thing.
We have a great opportunity and the people that are voting are Democrats are coming in, Independents are coming in, and very, very importantly, people that never voted before. It's an incredible thing.

I want to pay my respects by the way to Todd Palin, Sarah's husband. Sarah was here. She was incredible. She was making a speech on my behalf and fantastic and everybody loves her. And what happened is he was in a very bad accident. He's tough as nails. He's going to be fine. But I just wanted to pay my respects by the way to Todd.
So, our theme when we started and Melania and I came down. Yeah, sit down everybody. Please. I mean, this is Mar-a-Lago. We give you seats. You don't have to stand. I'm looking at all these people.
Cory, good job, Cory. Good job. And Hope and our whole squad. Right?
So when this began, Melania and I and I said, "Got to do it." And she was so supportive and she's been so supportive. It's been amazing. And we have to do it.
We came down the escalator and it was about trade and it was about borders. And what happened is pretty quickly after that and we were  we shot right up. I shot right to the top of the polls and have been leading in the polls almost from the beginning without fail.
We went up in June. Most people said I'll never run. He's just going to have fun. He's having a good time. This isn't necessarily  I mean, I'm having a good time. You know, I'm having a very nice time. But you know what? I'm working very hard and there is great anger. Believe me. There is great anger.
One of the broadcasters was saying, "Is there anger?" And I said...I was supposed to say, "No, there's not. We love the way things are working. We love the deal you made with Iran. It's wonderful. You give them $150 billion. We get nothing. We love all the deals. The trade deals are wonderful. You lose $500 billion a year with China. We lose $58 billion a year in terms of imbalance. It's a total imbalance."
We don't make good deals anymore. We don't win anymore. As a country, we don't win anymore.
And they asked, "Is there anger from your people?" ...They're not angry people but they want to see the country properly run. They want to see borders. They want to see good health care. They want to see things properly taken care of. They want our military rebuilt. Our military is in a very bad state. They want it rebuilt. Very, very importantly, and they want the Second Amendment by the way protected and protected strongly and that's going to happen.
And you know what they want so badly? They want our veterans taken care of. Our veterans are treated so badly.

So, we started and something happened called Paris. Paris happened and Paris was a disaster. That was  there have been many disasters. But it was Paris.
And then we had a case in Los Angeles where it was in California where the 14 young people were killed. And it just goes on and on and on.
And what happened with me is this whole run took on a whole new meaning, not just borders, not just good trade deals. We're going to make the best trade deals you've ever seen.
We've got such endorsements from Carl Icahn and the smartest people in business. And these people are going to be negotiating our deals and they're the best in the world. We have the best business people in the world. We're going to have such great deals. We're going to do so good with trade. We're going to do so good on the border.
But it took on a whole new meaning, and the meaning was very simple. We need protection in our country and that's going to happen and all of a sudden the poll numbers shot up. And I'm just very proud to be a part of this.
I think we're going to go. We're going to go on a lot of trips over the next month but I think we're going to have a great victory.
And I think more importantly than anything else we are going to start winning again. This country is going to start winning again. We don't win anymore.
We don't win with our military. We can't beat ISIS. We're going to knock the hell out of them.
We don't win at trade  China, everybody, Japan, Mexico, Vietnam, India, name the country. Anybody we deal, anybody we do business with beats us. We don't win at trade. We're going to win at trade. We're going to make our country rich again. We're going to make our country great again. And we need the rich in order to make the great, I'm sorry to tell you.
So, I'm going forward. We had a fantastic evening. I would have never thought this could have happened. I guess we're waiting for one result which possibly will be very successful also.
But to win the states that we've won and to win by the margins and especially, look, this is my second home, Florida. To win by that kind of a number is incredible. It's record-setting.

And I have to say that number one, I want to congratulate Marco Rubio on having run a really tough campaign. He's tough. He's smart. And he's got a great future. He's got a great future.
But I have to say and nobody has ever, ever in the history of politics received the kind of negative advertising that I have. Record, record, record. By the way, mostly false. I wouldn't say 100% but about 90%. Mostly false, vicious, horrible.
They said it was $18 million the first week, meaning last week, and $25 million. It added up to over $40 million.
And you explain it to me because I can't  my numbers went up. I don't understand it. Nobody understands it. My numbers went up.
I mean, it's been an interesting experience. Last week, Adam Scott won at the Trump National Doral. Won the big tournament, the world championship of golf. And Adam, who's a great guy  I guess a lot of you folks saw that  but I'm watching...we have television screens all over. We're down at this gorgeous green at Doral and everything is working beautifully and then a commercial comes on. The worst commercial and I'm with these wonderful people from Cadillac and all these top executives, and I'm saying, "Look over there! Look! Don't watch it. Don't. You don't want to watch it." I'm saying, "Isn't the grass beautiful? Look! Look! Don't watch."
And they came in waves one after another after another and it was brutal.
And then Adam comes in. He's this handsome kid from Australia, one of the greatest golfers in the world, made an unbelievable shot on the 18th hole to win the tournament. He's a great champion. And we're giving the award.
And just before we break for a commercial, "We'll be right back with our great champion from Australia, Adam Scott" and here's the commercial and I said, "No!" And it was two of them  two of them. Oh, what a day that was. What a disaster. What a disaster. Unbelievable.
So again, I just want to congratulate everybody. This is a really interesting process. It's an amazing process. It's very tough. But it is  by the end, if you get to the end, you can handle a lot of things including pressure because there's nothing like it. Lies, deceit, viciousness, disgusting reporters, horrible people. It's true. Some are nice. Some are nice. Some really disgusting people back there.
And I just want to say we're going to go forward and we're going to win. But more importantly, we're going to win for the country. We're going to win, win, win, and we're not stopping. We're going to have great victories for our country.
Thank you very much everybody! Thank you!

...So it's so important. You getting out to vote. It's just so important because our country has been taken away from us. It's going so fast.
And you know, you're talking about Second Amendment because I was asking with Randy and a lot of people, I was talking to some of the people before, "What would you like me to focus on?" and they said, "Just Second Amendment. Second Amendment."
Now, the Second Amendment means a lot of other things too...The Second Amendment in under siege. You know that. You know that very well.
We lost a great Supreme Court justice and nobody thought this was going to be part of the equation. And all of a sudden if somebody gets in that's the wrong person, they'll take away that Second Amendment so fast your head will spin.
You see Bloomberg is somebody that wants to knock out the Second Amendment. Hillary is a disaster on the Second Amendment. No, they want to take it away.
So, it's just not going to happen. It's not going to happen.
...But we lost our wonderful justice who was a great man and a great Second Amendment person.
I just heard coming up, you know, the Senators. We've been very disappointed. I'm a Republican. Many of you are Republicans. But we're not being protected whether it's a budget. You saw the budget that was approved a month ago. It was approved by the Republicans. They gave it away. They gave Obama everything.
So Obama wants to put in a Supreme Court judge. He said he wants  he's going to be a very negative person to guns because that's the way it is, okay? Believe me, that will be the way it is. And basically they don't have the right to do that.
But I keep saying, "Well, are the Republicans going to fail or are they going to crack? What's going to happen?" And coming up today, I hear, "Well, there could be a way of Obama pushing it through." Here we go, right? Here we go.
Same thing you heard with Obamacare. It's going to be defeated. It's going to be repealed. We're going to repeal and replace Obamacare. Believe me.
But  I mean, look what's going on with your premiums. 35%, 45%, 55% up. Your deductible is so high. I mean, you've got to see that truck right there? You've got to get hit by that truck in order to ever use it.
So, I come up and I'm hearing that Obama now who said by the way yesterday, "Donald Trump will not be the president. He will not be." No, it's a compliment. Look, he's been perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States. So it's a compliment.
But he was all over the place yesterday. Said, "Donald Trump will not be  " I think we have maybe a little surprise in store, and we start right here in South Carolina.

You know, New Hampshire was so amazing. We had a big, big victory in New Hampshire. Amazing people.
And then we come down here and I said, "You know, I think we have an ever bigger lead over here."
And the people have been incredible no matter where we go to speak. Even this. I know that four years ago, you had about 200 people here for the same kind of thing for your frontrunner and he's a good frontrunner, a good guy, and he did well but you had 400 people, 200 people. You have thousands of people here and we just appreciate it, and I won't forget it. Believe me, I'm not going to forget it. I'm not going to forget it.
So I hear that they're talking about trying to get a liberal judge and a judge that does not like the Second Amendment and a judge that  and this is one of many. This is one of many but a judge that doesn't want to do a number on the guns and that doesn't know how important it is.
We're just not going to let it happen. Okay? It's not going happen. And if we elected, we know that. But we have 9 months, 10 months to go. We have to have the Republicans hold fast because I'm just hearing these little cracks, saying "Well, maybe if he appoints somebody, maybe we could get along, maybe." It's not the way it's supposed to be.
Now, it's possible that they'll have their wish because if they win, they're going to be having their choice. But if they don't win, we're going to start really taking back because we have 3 or 4 or 5 maybe Supreme Court judges. This was not supposed to be one in question. This was a very sad circumstance that happened with  I mean, really to me it was a very sad circumstance. But now we're going to see what happens.
I will only tell you this. We are doing well. We have a really good chance to win. If we can win in South Carolina, we're going to go  I mean, we could very well run the table.
I don't know if you saw  I guess a lot of you have seen actually next week in Nevada. It's going to be phenomenal. The relationship there to the people...Bush is 1% in Nevada. This guy  why doesn't he just give up, just go home? Go home. Go home to mom. Got to go home to mommy. You know, Bush is only at 1% in Nevada. A couple of them are, you know, at 10%, 11%, or 12%. I'm at like 40% something  48%. So I think we're going to do well.
Then I think we have the SEC. We're going to have the SEC, which is going to be I think amazing.
But really now we're starting. New Hampshire could not have been better. They gave us a tremendous send-off. They really started us on our way.
And we did well in Iowa. I mean, some votes were stolen from Ben Carson, which by the way was a disgrace. What Cruz  what this guy Cruz did with Ben Carson was an absolute disgrace. What he did was  he stole. It's theft. And then they come out with a voter violation form, which is a fraud as far as I'm concerned. And what he did with that whole thing was a disgrace. So we're not going to let that stuff happen anymore. I mean, we're not going to let it. We will not let it happen. We're all watching. You're all watching. Keep your eyes wide open.
These politicians  here's a guy, he raises the Bible and yet he tells fibs, he tells lies, and then he does this stuff to Carson and he does other things. Very bad.
So politicians are bad people. Boy, they are bad. Would you believe it?
So we're not going to let it happen and we're going to get in there...So Saturday. Go out and vote. This is going to be the place that's really going to make it.
And honestly, I've been watching all the pundits. Now, the bad news is they're always wrong. They all said I'm not running and I ran. Well, how is he going to do? He's just doing this for fun. I'm not doing this for fun. Believe me, I love this location but I know I can be someplace else. Okay? I could be someplace else right now. I could be very happy.
But I'm doing it because you know the expression and I see all the hats in the audience  Make America great again. We are going to make America so ... ...
We are going to win again. You know, we don't win very much. You're very smart, tough people. You like to win. Right? This guy over here. You like to win. And we don't win anymore. We used to win. We don't win anymore. Well, we're going to start winning again. We're going to start winning again.
So, Second Amendment protected. Common Core. We're going to end Common Core. We're bringing your education locally. It's going to be fabulous. I don't know if you know or if you've heard me say we have the absolute worst  we spend number one in the world on education. Right? Number one per pupil in the world. There is no second place because we're so high, so much  you have China, you have Norway, you have Denmark, you have Sweden. You have these countries are the best in terms of education and they're on the list the best. And the 30th in the top 30  we're number 30th. Okay? We're number one in costs.

That's a little bit like what I'm doing. I'm the least spent money. You know, I'm funding my own campaign. Right? So, I don't have a lot of the people coming to me. You know, the drug companies and all of the  because if you would see the kind of waste, fraud, and corruption in the United States, a lot of it isn't really waste, fraud, and corruption. It's the fact that people that are running against me and people in the Senate, people in Congress, they have tremendous power because they have people giving them unbelievable campaign contributions and they're special interests and they do what those people want. And that's one of the reasons why our budget is out of whack, the military is out of whack. The military orders equipment they don't even want and the stuff they do want they don't get because the company that makes that equipment is like, you know, it's not politically adept, and companies that really are, they make the equipments we don't want. It's going to all change because I'm not getting any money from all of these people. I don't give a damn. I mean, we're going to do the right thing. We're going to absolutely do the right thing.
I'll tell you a little story. So the drug companies. We are the largest purchasers of drugs in the world, the United States...which makes a lot of sense I guess. But we purchase more drugs that make you better, drugs that make you better, not the kind of drugs that come over the southern border, which we're going to end. Okay? We're going to build a wall. Yup. Folks, by the way, we're going to build a wall and who's going to pay for the wall?
[Audience: "Mexico"]
You better believe it. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion. And these characters come up, these politicians that I'm running against, "You don't really think Mexico is going to pay for the wall?" I said, "Absolutely, 100%." They said, "How are you going to get Mexico to pay?" And I don't want to get into it because they won't understand it. I mean, they have no concept of business. They have no  you know, the $150 billion we gave to Iran, these people have no concept.
We have a $58 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Okay? The wall is going to cost $12 billion. Maybe less. If I build it, it'll be taller, better, and less. Okay?
So you think of this. So you think of this. So they said, "How are you going to possibly do it?"
They make so much money. Plus we give them subsidy. They make so much money from the United States it's going to be one of the easiest things.
And I don't know if you've heard, one of the presidents or ex-presidents of Mexico held a news conference. He said, "We will never ever, ever pay for the wall." And the press called me. They said, "They said they will never pay for the wall." I said, "Who was it?" Calderon. He's very nice, good guy. I said, "Tell him the following. The wall just got 10 feet higher." I mean it. It got 10 feet higher. Yeah, they're going to pay for it.
And I get along great with Mexico. The problem is  I mean, they buy apartments. I have hundreds and hundreds and even thousands of workers are Hispanics who I'm doing great with. We have such an amazing relationship with Hispanics and they're great people.
The problem is the leaders of Mexico are too smart for our leaders. They're too smart. They're too cunning.
You look at what's going on. It's unbelievable. The border is a disaster. It's a sieve. People flow over. It's not going to happen anymore, folks. People can come into our country but they're going to come in legally. They're going to come in through a process. They're going to come in, they're going to come in legally.
So with trade, we're going to solve the trade problem. I don't know if you saw Carrier air conditioner announced two days ago they're moving to Mexico. Nabisco. They're moving their big plant from Chicago to Mexico. Ford, they're moving this massive complex  they're building a $2.5 billion plant and now they've just announced they're building it bigger.
I've been talking about this for two years. Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal, they announced they're building it bigger. In another words, they're doubling down. You know why? Nobody does anything about it. I'm going to do something about it.
So I watched  somebody asked, "What would you do about Carrier?" Because that was a sad case. Somebody used their cell phone and they were telling them, "You're out of work. You're out of job. Forget it. It's over. We're moving to Mexico." Are crying. Grown men that have been there for a long time. Really incredible people. And they're crying and they're devastated and they lost their job and they've never had another job and now this plant  this whole thing is moving to Mexico.

And they said, "What would you do?" I said I'll tell you what I'm going to do because you know they talk about free trade. I'm a free trader. But I say oh if I put a tax on these characters  these idiots. I mean, they're like stupid. They say "Donald Trump is not a true conservative because he taxes." It's got to be fair stuff, folks. It's got to be fair. I'm a conservative person.
Hey, I'm the most conservative on the border. I'm the most conservative with the military. Nobody's tougher than me. I'm the most conservative. We are going to make our military so big, so strong, so powerful, nobody's ever going to mess with us, folks. We won't have to use it.
I'm the most conservative on taking care of the vets. Our vets are treated horribly. We're going to take care of our  I'm the most conservative on Common Core. We're ending Common Core  I told you that  and we're moving it locally. And nobody is more conservative and we call toughness but nobody is more conservative on the Second Amendment. So all of these things.
But with Carrier...they're coming across and they're going to build a plant and probably get some subsidies from Mexico  probably  we've probably given them subsidies. They probably have the United States giving subsidies to move out of the country. That's how stupid it is and that's how stupid we're running...They said, "What would you do?" I say it's very easy. We call them. We say let's have a meeting. Here's the story folks. You're moving to Mexico. Congratulations. But if you don't stay in the United States you're going to have a problem. But here's what you do it. You want to move to Mexico, build your factory, it's going to be wonderful. Hire your people they're not from the United States. All those people are now looking for jobs. Those are good jobs. You know we're hiring a lot of part-timers now...The numbers are totally phony. The 5%  totally phony numbers. So I say here's what we're going to do. Very simple. You build your plant in Mexico. Enjoy yourselves. And you're going to have air conditioners and just have them cross the border and sell them to the United States? No, you're going to pay a 35% tax on every air conditioner. It's true. It's the only thing you can do.
And you know what? It's the only thing you can do. There's nothing else. Because otherwise how are you going to get them to stop?
And then you have the devaluation with China. The all-time. They're like grand chess masters or grand  I mean these people are the greatest  the greatest in history. They're grandmasters of that  devaluation. They devalue their currency.
Japan is doing very well too. They're killing Caterpillar. You know, they're ordering Komatsu tractors now because they've devalued  look, you take a look at what's happened to the Yen and it's very hard. A friend a mine. He's a big excavator. You all know excavators. I love excavators. This guy's a very big one. He buys Caterpillar tractors all the time and excavators. He just put in a big order for Komatsu. Not that he wanted to. He said, "Donald, they made it impossible for me not to buy. They've devalued the yen to such an extent  Japan  that it made it, I mean, I owe it to my family, to my company, to myself. I have no choice." And he was like depressed. He wanted to buy Caterpillar...
Well China is doing that times 100, times 1,000, and what they're doing is the devaluation of their currency makes it impossible for people to compete. We can't allow that stuff to happen.
Look, when we send stuff over to China, it doesn't get in. If it does get in, you have to pay a big tax. You know, it's not supposed to be that way. You know, it's supposed to be free trade. It's supposed to be they come we go, back and forth. They devalued their currency and on top of it, they make it impossible.
I have a friend who's a great manufacturer. He said it's virtually impossible to get his goods and he makes better stuff than they do. He can't get his goods into China. When he does get them in, there's a tax to pay.
I have a friend who actually bought an airplane and he can't get it into China because the tax is so massive. He's going to sell it now at a big loss. Okay?

And think about Boeing. Okay? Think about Boeing. Boeing is building a plant over here. Boeing just had a big order from China. But China is making them build a massive airline facility. Right? Massive. Like bigger than anything you've seen.
Okay, you feel good about Boeing right now. Tell me in five years. Unless I'm president. You'll be fine. Don't worry about it. But tell me in five years you're going to feel good about Boeing because I'll tell you what's happening. They are going to build that plant  they're building it, it's going to be finished soon  they're going to build that plant, they're going to devalue the hell out of their currency, and all of a sudden you'll be reading a big front page story all over the place that Boeing is going to leave, right, South Carolina, they're going to make all their planes in China. Because this is what they do. That's what they do. And our leaders aren't smart enough to stop it, okay?
I have Carl Icahn endorse me. Great businessman, very rich guy, very, very successful. If I told Carl, Carl, watch over China trade, we're going to be in great shape.
We have right now people that have no concept of what they're doing. They have no concept of what they're doing. They're political hacks. That's what they are. They're political hacks and these are the people that are negotiating with these people China. And again, China likewise, I get along great with China. Largest bank in the world my tenant. They buy condos for tens of millions of dollars. I have the Bank of America building in California. I own a big chunk of that. I got that through China through a very complex set of transactions but through China.
I mean, I think China is terrific. I'm not angry at China. I'm angry at our leaders for not being able to compete with China. I'm not angry.
So we're going to get things changed around. We're going to use our best people. We're going to be so smart, and we're going to start winning again. We're going to have strong borders. We're going to have strong military. We're going to take care of our vets. We're going to have such great trade deals. We're going to win again. We're going to win again. We're going to win so much.
And you know, and by the way, we are going to get rid of ISIS and we're going to get rid of them fast.
I was against the war in Iraq from the beginning. I was against the war in Iraq. We shouldn't have done it. We did it. Then Obama got out the wrong way. We shouldn't have done Iraq. We did it. It destabilized the Middle East. Exactly. If you go back, you could see 2003, 2004, I said it's going to totally destabilize the Middle East because you had Iran and Iraq and they were the same militarily. They'd fight, fight, fight. Boom. Then they'd rest. Then they'd fight, fight, fight for years and years and years. We decapitated Iraq and now Iran is taking over. Not only do they get the $150 billion. Maybe the worst transaction I've ever seen negotiated. No, no, don't buy the famous Obama administration.
The worst, one of the dumbest deals I've ever seen. I mean, we get nothing. We get nothing.
We should have gotten those hostages before we started even negotiating. Not now. We should have gotten them years ago.
But if you look at what's going on and now on top of that we gave them Iraq because Iran is now taking over Iraq. It's just taking them over.

So here's what we did. We spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost, wounded warriors who we all love all over the place. They're the best people. Most incredible. They're tougher than all of us these people. I mean, what they've gone through. So the wounded warriors all over the place. You know what we have? We have nothing. We have nothing. We have absolutely nothing. So here's what we're going to do. We're going to change things around. We're going to be smart. And we have  we'll do what we have to do in terms of ISIS and all. But we have to start rebuilding our country.
We have $4 trillion in the various places. $4 trillion. Not going to happen anymore.
We're going to have a strong military. But we're going to have to rebuild our roads, our bridges, our tunnels, our schools, our hospitals.
I mean, our country is like a third world country. You go over to Qatar, you go over to some of these places in the Middle East. You go to China. You see the airports. You see the bridges. They have bridges that are so incredible you've never seen anything like it. They have railroad trains that go 350 miles an hour and we have things that go chug, chug, chug, chug like from 100 years ago.
We've become like a third world nation because we're fighting everybody else's battles. And remember this, we are like the policemen of the world but we don't get paid anything. We protect Germany. We protect Japan. Do you know that in Japan if we get attacked, we have a treaty with Japan, if we get attacked they don't have to do anything. If they get attacked, we have World War III, we have to protect them. Okay? I mean, who makes these deals?
We protect as an example South Korea, who have a maniac right next to them. Right? But we protect South Korea. So every time we order televisions, they come from South Korea, they make a fortune. We protect South Korea. Let me tell you something. Why aren't they paying? They pay peanuts for what we do.
Every time this guy, you know, raises his head, we see our ships start to sail, our soldiers get ready. We have 28,000 soldiers at the border.
So we take care of the world. We don't get it.
Saudi Arabia, before the oil went down, they were making $1 billion a day. $1 billion a day. And we rent space there so we can help them. We rent military bases. We pay rent. And yet without us they wouldn't last for two weeks. They'd be gone.
So we're going to change all that stuff folks. I mean, I want to be good. We want to be fair. We want to have heart. And we're not going to let these Syrian folks in that we don't know who they are. We don't know where they come from. They're not coming into this country. They're not coming in.
I mean, there are a lot of them. I don't know if you know it. You have a lot of them moving into South Carolina. I don't know. Have you heard this? And you ought to tell your governor don't let them move to South Carolina. You don't want them in South Carolina.
And I know they'll say, "Well, we have nothing to do. We're state government." Let me tell you something. If a governor from a state didn't want to have them, I don't care what it says, you don't have to have them...
We want to help them with safe zones. We want to get the Gulf States to pay. I don't want to pay. We owe $19 trillion. We owe enough. We can lead it but let the Gulf States  they have so much money they don't know what to do with it. Let them build safe zones.
Look at what's happening in Germany. It's a mess. Look at Sweden. Look at Brussels. I mean, Brussels, you go there 20 years ago, 15 years ago it was incredible.
So when I call for moratoriums and I call for this, first I get hit with tremendous heat. Right? Then everybody starts to say, "You know, he's right."
Same thing  on June 16th, I announced we've got to stop illegal immigration. The heat I took was unbelievable. Three, four weeks later they're all saying, you know, Trump is right. Then Kate killed in San Francisco, beautiful Kate, by an illegal immigrant. You have Jamiel in Los Angeles killed. Incredible guy. Young man. The father's a friend of mine  a great guy. You had the veteran  65-year-old woman  a veteran raped, sodomized, and killed in Los Angeles by an illegal immigrant. We've got to stop it folks. We've got to stop it. We've got to be smart. We've got to be a country again. We've got to be a country again.
So I just want to thank  this endorsement meant so much to me from these two guys and from the whole community. I just want to say get out and vote. We're going to do something you're going to be so happy with. We're going to win so much and we're going to make America great again. That's what we want to do. Make America great again. So Saturday, get out and vote. Thank you! We love you all. Thank you very much! Thank you. Thank you very much folks.

I don't really think  look, what happened is we had 17 candidates originally. I was expected to come in like anywhere maybe 10, 11, 12, 13. I ended up coming in second. Didn't devote tremendous time to it. Didn't devote tremendous money to it.
In fact, I guess in terms of money per vote, I'm about at the bottom, meaning the most efficient.
I came in second. I came into strong second. Third, I think, was quite a bit away  I think 2,500 or something  close to 3,000 votes away. There's a big difference between second and third.
I think we did really well. You know, as far as that's concerned.
I think the press  some of the press said I did fantastically well. Some of the press doesn't want to give it credit.
I think we did very well. I didn't expect to do so well. I guess what did happen is one poll came out and said I'm 4 or 5 points ahead and that maybe build up a false expectation for some people.
But it had taken me back to June 16th. I was told "Don't even go to Iowa. Start right here in New Hampshire. Just don't waste your  "
...I'm going to Iowa. I went. I bonded with the people, bonded with evangelicals. We did really fantastically and came very close to winning. I mean, we came very close to winning. We came in second place.
So I am very happy with what happened in Iowa. You know, you had 17 people and I was second. Now, I guess you have 11 people and I was second. And I think we did a very good job.

No, I don't think I feel any pressure. I mean, we're going to just do what I have to do. And if it works out, that's great. And if it doesn't, that's okay too because you know I'm here to do one thing  the theme  make America great again. I'm going to do it.
And I think we did very well  I think we did really well in just about everything we've done running for office. I think we have a very good result yesterday. It could have been a little bit better. It could have been one notch better.
But it's interesting all of these governors and senators that you have way down the list, they're at 1%, 2%, you know, in terms of what happened  what just happened  they're at 1%, they're at 2%, they're 3%. Nobody ever talks about them. And I'm at 24% or 25%, and they say, "Oh, couldn't you have done better?"
You know, I think the result was quite good especially for the amount of time I spent and for the amount of money I spent.

Well, I think I have  I think it fits me better, probably suits me better. I've done very well in New Hampshire. I've been here a lot more. I have very good relationships with the people of New Hampshire.
But I've had very good relationships with pretty much everybody.

I really don't. I really don't see that happening. I don't know what's going to happen. You don't  nobody does. We'll see what  you'll have many, many people that aren't doing very well. I am doing very well. But you have many, many people that are here, that are well-known politicians  they're governors and they're senators  but they're not doing very well. And they just came back from a, you know, very major defeat yesterday. And mine wasn't.
...You know, it's very interesting. If you look at the numbers from yesterday, I got the highest number in history outside the one number  in the history of the primary.

...Also, I guess they had 185,000 people, which is 45,000 or 50,000 people more than they ever had.

No, I mean, I think we'll get a lot of Sanders's voters. You know, they're very much into the trade world and I'm the best on trade. He mentions it but I don't think he's going to be capable of doing anything about it.
No, I think we're going to do really well here. I look forward to it.

We have a lot of events scheduled, yes.

Well, we do. We have one commitment long-term for Arkansas actually where we're going to have about 10,000 people. But we're going to be back and forth very quickly. We're going to have a lot of events scheduled, yes.

Well, I just think, you know, I'm just happy with the way we're doing. You know, we've bonded with the people whether it's there or here. I mean, there's just a big bonding process going on.
If you look at South Carolina, it's the same thing. I mean, we're doing really well there. But we've devoted much more time here and South Carolina 

It's not a question of learning. I mean, I just want to continue to do well...Our theme  the theme is so important. It's just make America great again. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. Not really a question of learning.

Well, if you look at the second place, people didn't talk about my second place. They didn't talk about it as positively as they should have. And yet, with Marco who was more than 2,000 votes behind me  that's a lot of votes by the way  they said, "Oh, he's surging. He's surging."
So, I don't know why is the third place person doing well and the second place person, who by the way has never run  Scott was mentioning before  "One of the amazing things about you, you've never run for office before. It's incredible how you did."

My brand's doing great. Yeah.

No, I think just work. We're going to work very hard and we have a lot of meetings, a lot of talks, a lot of speeches. We're going to be meeting with a lot of people and I think we're going to do very well.

Well, we'll be doing some of that but we also have some very big events planned like tonight, I think they have 4,000 or 5,000 people and other people were here yesterday and they had 200 people. Same venue, same everything. They had 200 people.
So we have  there's a good bonding going on.

Well, I enjoyed it.

I have unlimited, I have unlimited  you know, it's funny. When I look at the various people, they said so and so has $20 million. I have unlimited. That's not the thing.
The only  you know, I'm a businessperson. I want to spend wisely. And I'm probably $40 million under budget because of the fact that frankly I haven't had to spend very much although I guess we just did a recent filing and I would be probably having spent now maybe $14 million, $15 million.
But I'm self-funding. And I must tell you, I don't know that enough people appreciate it. I'm self-funding anyway whether they appreciate it or not. So I won't be influenced by the lobbies and you know et cetera, et cetera.
But I don't know  I was talking to Scott about this before  I don't know it's really appreciated by the voters. I'm the only one on both sides that's self funding. I'm putting up my own money. And I don't know that the voters appreciate it. When they go into vote, I don't think they say "I'm going to vote for Trump because he's self-funding and he's not going to be influenced by lobbies and special interests et cetera."

I'm going to tell them and I tell them. But sometimes they like it but I don't think it's something they vote for, which is a shame because it's actually a very big thing. You understand that. It's a very big thing. It's a very big element if you could have somebody that can actually self-fund and not be influenced by bad decisions...or looking for themselves or looking for the company or country they represent. That's a real positive...
I just don't know whether or not the voters appreciate it.

I've learned that they're great people. I really, I thought the people in Iowa were fantastic...You know, obviously I was second. I had the largest vote getting in the history of a Republican primary except for one and I brought many of those extra people in. And they also had as you know the largest turnout in the history of Republican primaries in terms of Iowa by far  not even close. I think it was like 50,000 or 60,000 more than they've ever had before. So I just  I learned that they are terrific people in Iowa.

Yeah, I look forward to it.

...No, I don't think so. I have a very good relationship with Marco. I like him... I don't see that necessarily.

You're talking about Iowa? Well, that could have been with the debate. I think it could have been the debate. I think some people were disappointed that I didn't go in the debate.
If I had to do it again, I would have done the exact same thing. And the reason is  you know why? Because I raised $6 million for the vets in one hour.
So if I took a second place instead of a first place and could give the vets $6 million, I'll do that all day long.

Well, we're going to be spending money. We're going to be spending money  we're going to be spending a lot of money. We'll be spending money on ads and we'll be spending money on the ground game.

I can't help it, honey, whether I'm celebrity. I mean, this is me.

Look, I think most people say I did a great job in Iowa. I came in second. I spent far less than anybody else. And had I known that I was going to be liked as much as I am in Iowa and people did like me  you will understand that  I would have maybe spent a little bit more and I would have been there a little bit more and maybe I would have won it. But, you know, I'm very happy with it. I have 7 delegates right at the top.
You look at other people in all fairness  senators, governors  they're, you know, they're way down.
When I have 25% or 26% and they have 1% but you people don't mention that.

But the one thing is you people don't mention that. You don't mention all the other names.
Now, you mention the person, Marco, good guy. But he came in third. And they make it sound like he had a victory and I didn't. But I came in second.
...I started off on 17th. I was 17th. When I first started, I had nothing. And then I inched my way up  went pretty rapidly actually. And now I'm leading everything and I did okay in Iowa. Pretty good in Iowa.

Well, I think we're going to have great success here. I think it's a much different kind of a process. This isn't a caucusing process. This is a much different  this is a normal voting process. The Iowa is a much different kind of a thing.

Well, he [referring to Ted Cruz] insulted me. I mean, he started with the insults, as you know. And he insulted Ben Carson by doing what he did to Ben Carson. That was a disgrace. And he insulted the people of Iowa by doing a voter violation form that nobody's ever seen before which was disgraceful. No, no, he's a man of insult.

No, I'm going. I have thousands of people going. No, but we don't have that invite. I like Mike Huckabee but no, I don't think he's even going to be there.

I did. I did. No, I like him. Well, he's left the race so I feel pretty good about that. He's a good man.

Well, we're adding some and we're adding them pretty rapidly.

...People in your world are saying they possibly could. So I don't really see one or two. I see there could be a number.

I'd love to finish first. You know, again it would still not be horrible because you're competing against a lot of very talented people that have been politicians all their lives. I have been a politician for 6 months.
No, but I'd love to finish first.

Wouldn't horrible but you know it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. I could think of worse things. But I'd like to finish first. I think we will finish first. I'd like to finish first.

...Just so you understand. I am totally self-funding my campaign other than small donations because people send in small donations for $10, $15, $20...

No, no, that's merchandise sales. That's a lot of merchandise sales.

It's a small amount of money compared to what I put in.

It's very hard when somebody sends you a check for $17.50 and $9 and $200, very hard to send that back.

I am. And I always make the reference. I always make a reference to that and I do it every time.

Well, he's [referring to Scott Brown] somebody that I respect, always liked. And he's very, very respected throughout the country but he's very respected here. And everybody wanted his endorsement and I'm very honored that he's giving it to me and he's going to give it to me on the stage.

That happens with endorsements. No, that happens with endorsement. It's pretty common with endorsements.

...A poll came out a few days before that said I was about 5 points so maybe there was a tinge.
And again, it may have been the debate, which would have set records if I did it. So I would have liked that. But the fact is it could have been the debate. Maybe it is. Maybe it isn't. But I would have done it exactly the same way because I raised, Scott, we raised in one hour, I raised $6 million for the vets. And I would never, ever give that up to go between first and second in Iowa. Wouldn't be worth it.

I think her email situation is very serious. I have a feeling she's being protected by the Democrats because it just looks to me to be more serious than anybody that I've seen including Gen. Petraeus.
If you watch and study and read about various lawyers  you know, that's what they do  they really feel she's in grave danger and what she's done is against the law not just against rules. It's against the law. I just don't know what's going to happen because I don't know whether or not the Democrats are going to protect her.

I never saw a race where they're flipping coins. I mean, they're flipping coins. What kind of a race is that? It's ridiculous. I thought it was terrible. I mean, you call it a tie. But to flip coins, they say "Okay, you're going to get this district. We're going to flip a coin."

I don't know. I can't tell you yet. I think he's [referring to Ted Cruz] certainly was dirty what he did to Ben Carson was terrible. He did the voter violation form. I thought that was terrible. Actually, I thought it was terrible. And when they said that Ben Carson was out of the race and come vote for him, I thought that was terrible.
Okay?
Thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you.

Wow, what a crowd. Thank you very much everybody. Such an honor. With the snow coming down and it's a little cold outside and you have hundreds of people still outside trying to get in. But you know, we won't wait. We'll go ahead. Right?
We'll go ahead.
First of all, congratulations to the Iowa State basketball team. You had a  what was that all about? I turned on the game. I said, "Wow, this shouldn't be that good of a game." And at the end of the game, I said, "Who won?" Yes? That was great and it's a great achievement.
I also want to pay my respects to Ben Carson. They had a really bad accident. Some of his staffers were hurt really bad. So I just want to pay my respects to Ben. He's a good guy  a really good guy  and his staffers and hopefully they get better. Say a prayer for them. Okay?
We've had an amazing time today. We've been all over Iowa and we're going to be here tomorrow. We're going to be here so much you're going to get so sick of me. You're going to say, "Please, tell him to get out of here. Tell him to leave. Tell him to go."
But we've had an incredible time.
And you know it started really  we've had really a pretty good week. The debate last week  everybody watched the debate. And who knew about these debates? I didn't know anything about the debates. And it's been fun and it's been interesting. And I've been treated semi-fairly by the moderators. Not 100%. Some have been very fair actually, and some have been not so fair.
And you know, a lot of the press hasn't been very fair.
Boy, look at the press back there. They must think there's a big event going happen today. Wow, that's a lot of them  it's like the Academy Awards.
But we've had an amazing  it's been an amazing experience and it started really on June 16th when we came down the escalator. We came down that escalator and it was  I said, "Let's go" to my wife, who's been so supportive and so wonderful. I said, "Let's go. We're going to make America great again. That's what we're going to do."
And you know, it's hard to do this because when you think of it I've never done it before. I've never been a politician. Thank goodness but I've never been a politician. I've always done jobs and put a lot of people to work. Tens of thousands of people over the years.
And you know, I have thousands of Hispanics that love me. The Nevada poll just came out where I'm leading with Hispanics, which I knew, I knew.
And we came out at that particular opening when I opened and said I'm going to run for president I gave up a lot. You know, gave up a lot of different things including telling our friends at NBC no more Apprentice. That's hard to do. You have a top show and you say, "I'm not doing it anymore. I'm sorry." They wanted to do it so badly.
And Steve Burke, who's a fantastic executive, came up to my office and said "Come on, Donald. Come on. Do it. You're not going to run. Do it. Do it." I said, "Steve, I'm going to run." I was pretty sure. You know, that was about two months before. I was pretty sure. It really is a tough thing to do.
You know, all my life I've heard "If you're a very successful person, you'll never run for president. You'll never really run for politics. But you'll never ever run for president."
And I built a great company and it's a tremendous number. You saw the filings. The press was going to look so closely. It was like D-Day when we put those papers in.
You know, first thing I did I announced. They said, "Oh, he's actually going to do it" because most of them said "He'll never do it."
Then when I signed...that's when you sign your life away. And I signed that. They said, "Whoa! He signed that. Well, he'll never file his financials because maybe he's not as rich as everybody thinks."

And I filed the financials and they saw an unbelievable  you didn't hear a thing about it. Oh boy, were they looking. I mean, were they looking. And almost 100 pages. The biggest report ever filed with the FEC in terms of that. And it showed a company that's a phenomenal company with some of the great assets, very little debt, tremendous cash flow. You know, the way it's supposed to be. And it's great.
And the reason I tell you that is because that is the kind of thinking we need now in the United States. We need that kind of thinking. We need that  whatever it is. We need a mentality that's going to  you know, we're at $19 trillion in debt. It's going to be up to $21 trillion. You saw that horrible budget. Horrible, horrible budget that was approved two weeks ago and that's going to lift it.
And so we went along and a lot of things have happened and then the polls came out which I love and new ones came out today and I'll tell you right now. You know, now that we're at it. And they came out some brand new ones  some beauties. And one's coming out  I guess a big one's coming out. I don't know exactly what it is but it's got to be pretty good because I see the response.
I mean, even this with all the people still trying to come into this building. Somebody said it's a barn. This is a very nice barn actually. But with all of the people still trying to come in, you see what it is.
And we do have something special in a couple of minutes. To me, it's really special because it's a person that I think is a spectacular person. So it's very special to me.
But then the polls came out and some of them  as an example  national polls 38% for Trump, 20% for second. I wouldn't even names. Right? I won't even mention names. I'm going to be non-confrontational today for a change.
21% for the second. 11%. And then they're all down. Some of them are actually at 0% and 1%. I don't know.
Jeb  well, you know, Jeb's got one problem. He loves Common Core, meaning he wants your kids educated from Washington, which is immediately no good.
And his second problem is he's very weak on illegal immigration. Remember, he said they come as an act of love. I said, "What? They come as an act of love?"
So I think those are two very bad points frankly.

...So South Carolina just came out and that's 32% for Trump, 18% for second, 11% for third. Great.
Florida leading by a lot  31%, 19%, 13%, and then all down in the dumps.
Georgia just came out. I have 33%.
Yeah, don't forget that's 33%. Hard to believe. That's with 14 people, 15 people. I don't know when they took it but it was recent. 33%.
Connecticut  now, Tom Brady loves me and that's sort of like, you know, and I love Tom Brady by the way. 35% to 18% to 9% to 2%. You know, to nothing.
Maryland just came out. Maryland  great place  32% to 15% to 11% to 9% and then you know they sort of phase out.
You ever hear of a place called Iowa? Oh, I love this. We're doing actually great. First of all, I have to tell you. You know, they never report it. Even CNN doesn't report it. CNN does a poll, probably spent millions, they never report their poll.
The CNN poll was 33% for Trump, 20% for Chris. Nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it. They don't talk about it. They talk about  CNN is reporting other people's polls. So, I call up. I say, "Wait a minute. You're CNN. You spent a fortune on polls and you don't report your own polls because I'm winning by a lot." And they have no excuse but they keep reporting other polls. But we're doing well. I think we're doing a lot better than anyone knows.
Gravis just came out  34% for Trump, 28% for Cruz. PPP 28% for Trump, 26% for Cruz. In other words, it's a little close here. Quinnipiac poll  very respected 31% for Trump, 29% for Cruz. And then again CNN 33% to 20%.
So we're  I think we're doing good. I think we're actually doing better than the polls.
Now, I could do this. I could say, "Well, I just want to do well in Iowa." I want to win Iowa, folks. Because look, I love the people. The evangelicals have been phenomenal. I'm doing great with the evangelicals but nationwide I'm winning with evangelical  I don't know if you know that  by a lot nationwide.
With Iowa, I'm doing really well with the evangelicals. We're doing really well with the Tea Party. We're doing well  I mean, you hear the numbers. I mean, these are the numbers.
But I actually think we're doing even better than the polls. And you know, there's the thing that a lot of people said, you know, they call up, "Are you going to vote for Trump? He's got very, very tough immigration policies. He wants to destroy Obamacare and replace it with something a lot better." I'm going to do that. Okay?
But you know, a lot of people, they'll pick up the phone and they'll hear different things and they'll say, "Uh, no I'll vote for  " and then they'd get in the booth and they say, "Trump is my man." There are a lot of people saying that we're going to do a lot better. But we'll see because Feb. 1st you have to get to caucus, you have to go out. You've got to do it. Otherwise, we've all wasted our time.
You know, one of the groups in Maine and it was like incredible. We were in different places up in New England recently and New Hampshire was amazing. And the people are standing there. It was so cold. There was one little group of  despite global warming  you know, you hear about "It was so cold." It was windchill below zero. And people were standing outside for hours trying to get in.
And then you hear the announcers. "Well, will they show up to vote?" And I don't know much but I say like if people are going to stand out for four hours in the cold or the heat because believe me they stood out in the heat during the summer and during the fall like you wouldn't believe in Tennessee, in Texas where we had 21,000 people, no matter where we go we have these big crowds but they'll stand for hours and hours to get in. Why aren't they going to go and vote? Or in your case caucus? Why aren't they going to go and vote? It's sort of an amazing thing. So we think they're going to really be  why would somebody wait for hours for four hours and not going to take two minutes to vote?

Now, yours is a little more complicated because the caucus system is a little bit different. It's a very interesting system. But it is different.
Here's what I have to say about Iowa. It's very important.
So you know there's a movement to move Iowa to the back of the pack. Okay? You know that. You'll still see me but you won't see other people. Believe me. I'm loyal. To a fault I'm loyal.
But you're going to see. I give you my word. I win; they're not touching Iowa. This is an amazing tradition. No, seriously. This is an amazing tradition. They're not moving Iowa back.
And they're not moving New Hampshire either because they're talking about Iowa, New Hampshire. They're not touching New Hampshire.
So, we're going to just keep it the way it is. It really is. It's an amazing. First of all, you're amazing people. But all over the country it's a movement all over the country. The people are incredible. They want to make America great again. They're going to do something that's special.
And you know we used to talk silent majority? I say it's the noisy majority because it's actually a noisy majority. It's not a silent majority.
But people are fed up.
So I started on June 16th and we did well. Practically from the beginning we went up. And if you remember, we started at nothing. You know, we started at nothing because nobody believed I was going to [run]. Even when they  my wife said, "You know if you run, you're going to win." I said, "What do you mean?" She said, "People don't believe you're going to run." At the polls. I was getting these little polls. I felt like some of these guys now that are senators and governors; they get these little polls.
...Jeb again, right? Boy, he's taking a lot of abuse. You know? I told him "You know what? You should use the name Bush. What's wrong? Use the name Bush. I mean, maybe it's not working but it's better than Jeb right?" You know, I really do. Get rid of the exclamation point and just put Jeb Bush. It's your name. Don't be ashamed of your name.
So anyways, I wish him the best.
But, you know, I started and I started at like 2% or 3% and then it went to 6% and then it went to 9%. And each time the pundits  these real geniuses back here  some of them are sitting back here  these real geniuses like George Will with the little glasses  take away the glasses. He looks like a dumb guy, I'm telling you.
But each time these geniuses would say, "Well, he's reached his plateau. He's plateaued" at 6%, right? Then it goes to 11%. "Well, you know, this is surprising but he's reached his plateau." And then it goes to 18%. And then it went to 22%, 24%, 28%, then it went to 32%. Then it went actually 42% in the Gravis poll and in Reuters we got to 42% and even a little above that. And then all of a sudden you didn't hear so much about the plateau.
I want to plateau at 42%. You know, 42% with like 14 people that's pretty good.
But they kept saying, "He's plateaued. That's all he'll get. He's got these followers."
We have the smartest followers there are. Number one, we have the smartest. And the hardest working followers. We have people that love the country more than anybody and they want to take back what's happened because our country is going to hell.
We can be nice about it. We can say it nice and soft. Our country is going to hell.
When you look at this crazy Iran deal where we're paying $150 billion and they give us the five back but they don't know where the fifth is and you understand what that means. That's not a good sign. But they give us five people but they get seven and they get 14 off the Interpol. These are bad dudes. They get 14 plus seven so they're getting 21 people. And they have the right to do whatever they want from an enterprise standpoint. Right to do oil. Right to do whatever they want.

But what do they also get out of that deal? First of all, they're going to get nuclear. They don't have to develop nuclear missiles. They can buy them. For the kind of money we gave them, they're going to buy them. Why are they going to develop?
Remember the deal? 24 days. They have 24 days for inspection period. They also have self-inspection. Right? But we paid $150 billion. And I always say, "Wow. What a great  the Persians are great negotiators." I say what a great deal that is.
...Two weeks ago I started. I said, "Wait a minute. That's not a good deal compared to the other deal." They took over Iraq. We gave them Iraq. We knocked the hell out of Iraq. We decimated their armed forces. And you know, for years, they would fight. For many, many years, for decades they'd fight, fight, fight. Nobody would win. Fight. They'd rest. Then they'd go back to fight.
And now, we gave them the second largest oil reserves in the world, which is Iraq. We gave it to them. Now, they're going into Yemen. And if you look at Yemen, take a look. They're going to get Syria. They're going to get Yemen.
Unless, you know, trust me a lot of good things are going to happen if I get in. But let's just sort of leave it the way it is.
They get Syria. They get Yemen. Now, they didn't want Yemen. But did you ever see the border between Yemen and Saudi Arabia? They want Saudi Arabia.
So, what are they going to have? They're going to have Iraq. They're going to have Iran. They're going to have Iraq. They're going to have Yemen. They're going to have Syria. They're going to have everything. They're going to be a monster. We've created this. We have stupid leadership. Really stupid leadership.
So when I started, I said we have to do something about it. It's not something I wanted to do. It's something we have to do.
Because I'm representing you. I'm not taking any money. I'm not, you know, like some of these guys where they're getting millions and millions of dollars from people I know and they're nice people and some are very bad people but they have no interest in the country. They have interests in their company or they have interests in countries they're representing.
And these people and these politicians are going to do exactly as they're told by their lobbyists, their special interests, and their donors.
Me, I'm going to do the right thing.
And I always tell the story. When Ford moves to Mexico, I'm going to talk them out of it. When Nabisco moves its plant from Chicago to Mexico, I'm going to talk them out of it. Believe me. It's going to be easy. It's going to be easy.
So, I started and I talked about the border. Very strong on immigration and illegal immigration. Took a lot of heat. But you wouldn't even be talking about that subject if I didn't bring it up.
And I talked about again I talked about ISIS and I talked about. But what really happened is after Paris we had 130 people killed.
And by the way, I told you Common Core is dead and Second Amendment is right this way. We're going to protect the Second Amendment. We're going to protect the guns. We're going to protect your guns.
You know, if in Paris and if in Los Angeles, we had the two maniacs that were married. She came on a fiancee permit...You know, wonderful fiancee. She was totally radicalized. Maybe radicalized him. Maybe he was already that way. But we've got to start thinking. We have to start using our head. Bad stuff is happening. We have to find out what's going on.
We have a president who won't even talk about the term. If you think, he won't even mention anything to do with what we all know is going on. And you can't solve the problem if you don't talk about it. You have to talk about it.
So, very, very strongly we started talking about that. And then after Paris  and by the way, if we had a couple of you and you and you and you, if we had three or four people in that room in Paris as an example where they have the toughest gun laws like in the world. You can't have a gun unless you're bad guy, you bought a gun. And they walked in just said "Boom! Boom! Boom! You, move over. Boom!" Killed 130, more to follow because there are people that are so badly wounded.
But if we had a couple of  few of the people that I pointed out  I could plenty in this audience, believe me. But if they had guns on their waist, if they had guns around their ankle where the bullets went the opposite direction, it would have been a whole different story, folks. It'd be a whole different story.

So very, very big on the Second Amendment. But what happened is all of a sudden after Paris and to an extent, to a pretty big extent in California, what happened is these polls started coming in where everybody liked Trump even more. I went up 11 points. I don't want to do it for that reason.
But it went up because people want strength just like having the family of John Wayne, who was great. I love John Wayne. From Iowa. But out of nowhere I got the most beautiful letter from his daughter, who you just met, who's an incredible woman, and she said, "We'd like to endorse you."
John Wayne was a strong guy. We need strength. We need strength in this country because we're withering away with political correctness nonsense. Okay? Nonsense.
I mean, if you think of it, you can't say "Merry Christmas" anymore. We're going to say "Merry Christmas" again. You go into these department stores. They don't have any Christmas displays. They don't have the sign "Merry Christmas". Even people that aren't Christian are saying "Merry Christmas. We love Christmas. Let us say Merry Christmas', Happy Holidays." But people like to see it. And stores don't put it up anymore. We're withering away. We're going in the wrong direction.
So I said we're going to do this and I had no idea it was going to work this way. I figured I'd be in the pack and maybe like a race horse. You know, just at the end you can sort of inch it out. I had no idea to have 21 point leads nationally. We're up by so much. And you know, I want to keep it that way. I want to keep it that way.
When you think  and just one thing before I introduce our incredible person, our incredible guest. But one thing  I've spent to this point almost nothing and I'm in first place by a lot. I tell this story. I'm not bragging about spending. I'm just saying I'm telling the story. I have spent  they'll tell you  almost nothing and I'm in first place by some polls have me 21 points. That's a lot. Okay? You know some people have 2%. I have a lead of 20%. But I'm in first place by a lot.
Jeb has spent now $77 million. Think of it.
And you know the reason I bring him up  I wouldn't even bring him up  but he spends a fortune on ads against me. You people have all seen it before
I got along with everybody. I contributed to everybody. I was a world class businessman. Now I'm a politician, which I'd hate to tell you. But you go with everybody. You want to love everybody. You want them all to love you unless you're stupid. But you want everybody to love you.
Everybody knows this story. But so much money has been spent on me. But he spent $79 million. I spend nothing. I'm in first by a lot. He's down towards the bottom of the pack.
And I said to myself, "It's amazing. Wouldn't that be great if this were the country doing this?"
As an example, education. We're number 28 in the world. We have third world countries that are ahead of us. Education is very important to me.
World, I mean, countries that you wouldn't believe are ahead of us. You wouldn't believe if you heard the names of some of these countries. So we're 28. But we're number one in spending per pupil by far.
Wouldn't it be nice if you had like this election process where we spent the least but we had the best education? You know?
So Sweden and Norway and China and others are the best. We're nowhere near them and yet we spend far more per pupil. So we're going to change that and I told you we're going to get it localized but we're going to change that. Watch, you just watch...
I will tell you this: You can't educate your children through bureaucrats in Washington. And that's what happens with Common Core.
When the parents take over and I really mean this because I've seen it. When the parents surround those schools and they love those kids and they love those pupils and even when their kids graduate, they are committed to those schools, they're committed to education. You can do so much better in Iowa than they can possibly do telling you what to do in Washington.
And not all of them but most of them are just interested in "Where's my check? How much do I get? Let's make the process complicated."
And some of the things that your kids are made to study are an outrage. Okay? So we're going to bring that back locally and it's going to be great.
So what happened essentially is I started looking and all of a sudden things changed. And people are now looking. They know I'll do great with China. I'm going to do great with Japan. I'm going to do great with Mexico, who's killing us in trade and killing us also at the border.
We will build a wall and you know who's going to pay for the wall  Mexico. They're going to pay for it because they make a fortune and all of those things.
But now, we're really focused on security and I'm honored because I will tell you that all of polls and the CNN polls where said in particular that Trump is just not by a little bit but by many, many percentage points winning on ISIS, winning on the military, winning with the vets. We're going to take care of our vets big league, by the way. Big league. Big league. And we're going to really take care of our military. It's going to be big and strong and powerful and nobody's going to mess with us and it's the cheapest thing we can do, I'll tell you that right now.
So it's been a real focus.
I just want to now say just a couple of words about a very special person. This is a person who I've known for a long time, who I've respected for so long. An incredible husband. An incredible family. And somebody that when I heard that she was going to endorse me, I was so honored. You have no idea how honored.
And I would like to bring up if I might Gov. Sarah Palin. Special, special person. Thank you.